best game ever.its more amazing than minecraft.im addicted already.i'm level 45 and i am almost at th8.this game has good strategy and it can make you not boring.i always play with it.it can make you happy.download this app immediately.i'm sure you'll love it.you'll win epic battles with the troops from the barracks and the dark barracks.you can watch the trailer in the top or in you tube.thank you supercell for making hay day,boom beach and especially clash of clans/coc.thanks

good but improvements next update put in some more troops and a upgrade all walls button so you don't have to go through all of the process

best mobile game don't listen to the noobs that say farming is dead because they took out th sniping. cause th sniping is not farming. farming is raiding for resources. they removed th sniping because it had no strategy into it.

love it i love this game it makes u use or mind and creativity but plz put an update that u can request loot in clan castle and search up who u want to attack not at random

addicting! have had no issues with this app. just switched phones yesterday and signed in and all progress was there. fun & addicting!

perfect awesome game and worth 5 stars.. totally addicting.. nice animations and eats very less data and works on even slow internet connection.. love it..

i think clash of clans have to add private messeges.. why not? and upgrade the graphics.. please?

good mission game for future defense...its help us on defense anyone....

i love it this game is good,i play with my friend and build clan together. im indonesian and i like this game

i don't know what i do.. the coc is si many update my cp is full storages i can't update my cp so i delete my coc and make other acc because of that coc updates....? please dont update lsst update is in christmas season....!!!

it's very interesting game

it's beast i love it i have been playing it for 1 year i have deleted it a cople of times

addictive game sooo good can't describe in words

game is really cool but can u please make a pc version of it like for windows 8 or for 7 in 3d version that's going to be awesome please think about it

this game is beautiful and i enjoy this game

i love it..this game is much interesting

excellent game!!! 

this game is sooooo wonderful

it's a time killer before the update.. barracks was nice now only in one barracks ask the troops is training,it takes so much time

my village wont load after l logged out to use my secondary account, but when l tried to re-login, l am seeing my primary account, but each time i select my account the connect button keeps red without displaying the confirmation screen. i tried to install it to my latest note s7edge, but the issue remains as of my two machines. i spent monies on this lost village, and l requested support from from the game setting: contact us, for a number of times and l got no clear answer from supercell team.

i don't know if it would be a good a suggestion but i would like to have some easier way to collect all resources at once from the mines and elixir collectors, maybe a button(?) also, the resources are a really challenge to gather when in th7... that is, sometimes very hard because you get raided by higher rank players that go to lower rank leagues to farm. -_- other than that, great game you got here... have been playing it for a long time

dear team, please i am in th9 and a 1+ year old player. we all was waiting for the great update of th11. so it could be more exciting to spend our time upon this game. after this upgrade, what i feel is like we need to upgrade our some stuff also. for example -: 1- i should have a device like 2gb ram and 4gb rom or more. 2- my sim provider has to enabled with 4g . and 3 - players need to be use data pack in high range. so 3g is no more workable for coc now. my humble request to fix this issue in asap.

actually the game made me an addict, i couldn't stop playing but still there are some minor problems like the graphics dude its 2018, make it a gta like graphics or better then the troops and building time, our dog didn't make it just to see that i reached th9, please.... and one more thing i love this game more than anyone else!!!!! oh yeah last thing tue cost and the gems please give us lessmexpenses and more gems!!!

this makes everyone a huge amount of fun. it's like you're in a village with citizens doing their businesses. its like the game clash royale,similar characters. though i give it a four star rating because the time it takes to upgrade it's fricken taking a long time.they should take a few hours,seconds,and minutes,not long hours time or days.still i like it.

hey supercell! i love clash of clans and clash royale. i'm th9 and still loving this game. making a few suggestion's, 1. if you guys can add a night time mode. 2. add new troops and building, there's a lot off troops (cards) in clash royale that isn't in clash off clans. 3. an option to choose which loot to choose in the clan castle treasury. and lastly clan battle tournaments. think about it please. thanks for making great games!

this game is awesome, haven't found a phone game half as good. also don't agree with previous comment. the building time on upgrades is all part of the game. besides there's nothing better than capitalizing on someone building an important defense. example: inferno tower, wizzie tower, xbow, ad, or a few giant bombs for when ya hoggin out. loving the new upgrades and events. only wish they can add more trooops from royale like guards spear goblins or fire spirits.

hi i really like this game very much but i think some new things should be there in new update like 1. if we can use 2 builders on one building by which time would be less 2. most important one there should be builder bost by gold not by gems 3. you should keep events of small troops or spells like giant , goblin, lightning spell .so lower players would also have fun with events and enjoy. 4.there should be clone apps which would attack on friendly challenge only. thanks, think about it would be awsome of there this changes then it have more fun to play. thanks

hi i really like this game very much but i think some new things should be there in new update like 1. if we can use 2 builders on one building by which time would be less 2. most important one there should be builder bost by gold not by gems 3. you should keep events of small troops or spells like giant , goblin, lightning spell .so lower players would also have fun with events and enjoy. 4.there should be clone apps which would attack on friendly challenge only. thanks, think about it would be awsome of there this changes then it have more fun to play. thanks

i love clash of clans. best game ever. my only complaints are that i wish that there were clan tournments like clan wars but in tournments with other clans. also at night time i want the village to go dark out at night which would be so cool it would be cool if you visited someones base it tells you if they are on or not. and i wish that every 24 hours you could spin a wheel that you can get like loot, trophies, or gems.thx supercell best game ever.

it would be really nice of you guys could add an option of adding more than one builder to a single building for updating it so that it could take less time to update it,for eg: if it takes 6 days to update a level 10 gold mine to level 11 with one builder by adding 1 more builder to work the time would reduce to 3 days. specially after th 8 as after th 8 it takes hell of a time to update things. i am pretty sure everyone playing this game would love to have such an option.

i love this game. am crazy about it and i like everything about it, but have a small unsatisfaction regarding the latest modifications in friendly challenge. as now i can't challenge for a base for 1 whole day after making some modifications in it. usually i used it to check my bases and modify it for war, but if that can't be done then what is the use of it. please rectify it, i liked the way it was before. for all else am fully satisfied. hope that you guys will make clear this issue

i absolutely love this game. ive been playing for years. i met so many great people. the only reason i gave it 3 stars is because when ever you loose internet connection when your in the middle of a battle, thats it for you. you cant log back in right away and finish the attack. you pretty much loose what ever army you deployed... now this is even worst on a war attack... other then this i love the game... their always adding new stuff but if you guys can fix this you guys would be so awesome!!!

dear, supercell can u please make building time just a little bit shorter some people get bored and dont know what to do while they're waiting. but either way you always make updates to make ur game more exciting and fun. u can probably add a bomber from clash royale or a bandit would be cool in supercell.thank you supercell!

respected supercell team me appreciate your hard work on this game. really the game is amazing and and you also fix the bugs that we mention in reviews. their is another concern related to game. isn't​ possible that we can see online players in clan. like a green signal that indicate ,player is online right now and red signal for player is offline. please give this great update​. else your game is awesome and i have no words... tremendous battle

i love coc (max th9) but i haven't been playing for a while now. while the game is great and i know it's doing ok within the hardcore community, it's undeniable that it has gone a bit stale. a solid update is needed to freshen it up for everyone, not just endgame players. changes that are not just balancing and can be accessible and enjoyable for majority of th levels. i really hope the shipwreck update, if it does come, hits the spot.

this game have a nice place at the 1st. but u kill it u make it hard. you remove the th hunt the loot cant coop to the upgrade of the (walls) u gonna see loot 300k but the upgrade pf the wall is 3m? per wall. see thats the prob. so many of the player lose the fire to play. u kill a good game. but its your game your rules. well done.

tying to update to new phone is nearly impossible. it's probably easier to start a new account. i wanted to put account a from tablet a onto phone c and account b from phone b onto tablet a. i know it should be easier then it was and in the end i managed to get account a onto phone c and left account b on phone 1 which now lives in a drawer never to be used again. i know i could contact support or many other options but things like this which are linked with google plus as well as google play should be automatic. like i put my details in the new device and once in game i find that i have to start over.

it is an awesome game. but there can be modifications like 1. we should be able to chat with our friends 2. if a person is taking part in a war he/she should not be allowed to leave the clan or atleast not join the other clan and then return to his own clan. let me give an example, there was a guy he joined my clan took donations and left after sometime we realised that he was a member of the opponent clan. thanks

hey supercell, great job guys. i'm a big fan of coc and a player of multiple accounts. i'm here to request u some interesting thing. your previous bigest update was friendly battle, that is awesome, and now humbly requesting you for friendly clan war concept, i have a big friend circle of coc players with different clans. we want real fight battle for clans. think about it supercell, i hope it will be more interesting concept in coc i have ever seen. thank u all guys....

such a good game......whatever u guys make is like a electronic paradise. the only suggestion is that lots of people (including me) can never get any gems. i have tried saving up but that took me 2 months. i know, its only to balance the game, but if u could make gem collection easier that would be great! thx! -redmadster

because of the latest update of christmas the graphics have become unclear when we zoom.and i have some improvement plans 1.please reduce the spell brewing time.launch another spell factory or reduce the time when we upgrade it. 2.reduce the capacity of dragon,let it be 15. 3.we must be able to see who is active and who isnt. but still its awesome and one more 4.we must be able to play the game even in lower compatible devices like gingerbread version.

i loved the game. its awesome. but there are some things that i would like in an update. first is being able to donate resources and gems. we should also be able to add builders onto a peoject in order to divide the time left. also if there were a way to convert between different resources. if there were something like a resource converter. it'd also be good to be anle to donatr heroes. like you donate the barb king for 15 capacity and then your king dies. the queen could be worth 10 space and the warden 25.lastly if there was a way to tell how long someone has been offline like in clash of lords. it makes it easier to

very nice game everyone must play it let me tell u may story i started playing this game few months back and i lost my phn and my village too. it was dumb of me i did not synced my village with google plus and i lost my whole village with 4 builders i was very sad then i downloaded this game again and write to supercell and guess what i got my village back with in 1 day guys. thanks supercel team loved your quick response. 

very fun and perfect. no other game is as addicting as this. you make it easy in the beginning and when you get far you can't just let go of what you accomplished. it also helps different types of players to interact too. these can help out a lot when it comes to gameplay. well done super cell. can't wait what your going to do with coc in the future. :) the only thing i wish was different is i want more stuff to spend elixir on. i try to upgrade walls and i don't have enough gold, meanwhile i have a crap load of elixir and can't do anything with it.

awesome game. perfect for people who like and want good game. in this game we have to make our own strategies and bases. we can attack bases of others. we even have to make a good defence. the only one question i would like to ask to supercell is how can we get free and unlimited gems without paying any money. if there is a way other than hardwork, any app or a website please please please please tell me.

i am playing this game one year and i didn't maxed th 9 xd . i need to see than night time of the village plzz think about it and there are many cards in clash royale. we like to see some troosps in clash of clans its will be so cool(bandit,otherness cards). xd. thanks for the good game and peace

i love this game. i would just like to ask why you dont have a few things that i think would be a good idea. i was thinking why not have like a storage to hold gems. or like the gold mine have it come out with like one gem every now and then. i was also wondering if you'll have thought of adding a gold or elixer donating feature for clan members. i would love to be able to help out my clan mates when they need help upgrading.

please it just a request.i play alone this game my townhall is 7 but starting the townhall 8 my village become dark graphics.not only my every one who playin coc.please can you change graphics of the bildings and troops in the next update please because i want to play this game alone in my lifetime. i hope your'r read this massege and you'r answer to me.i love coc

i love this game but i have a few ideas for a new update: i think that you should be able to boost the building speed of builder huts for gems for a short period( i.e. maybe two or three hours) , i also think that you should add more walls for town hall 11 i always feel like there's not enough whenever i'm editing my base layout. and lastly i think that in a new update you should add better graphics while attacking.

awesome gameplay all the things are nicely balanced with the passage of time with new upgrades. what i want is that new clan perks should be added from clan level 11 onwards and a hero is a must like goblin warrior or dragon devil so as to th10 and th11 players could also get 3 stars more probably. btw nice work supercell.

two weeks to game quit loading i want to start it reinstalled connected to wifi different wi-fi's mobile connection still will not load had to gain for years and now it don't want to work it has been two months still no change im lucky if it loads once a week what happened supercell? it used to be a fun game.

love this game ... been playing it for 4 years... i wish we could have like a special flag on the field of the year we started playing... that way.. we know the difference between experienced and people who buy gems... lol... would be cool if we could have birds flying around... new goblin stories.... and more decorations like fountains and more statues... also ... if the king and queen could have thrones ... rather then a block to sleep on... and if we could have the option to move trees and other stuffb that grow on the field but we have to pay every time we move it...... and we also need more base slot layouts....

horrible company that just after your money. customer care will not read your concerns, and will copy/paste any response they will send. game is not designed to be fare. only to reward those who are willing to pay them lots of money. there are lots of good strategy games. don't waste time on this one!

love the game. ive been playing for over three years and still am on every day. i dont like the look of the air defenses but the other graphics are great. and i absolutely love the inclusion of events.like most players i think walls are too expensive and i think as a former th8 (i'm th9 now) that elixir should be able to be used at th8. as always new troops and defenses and spells are awesome but i respect the work it takes to implement all of those without bugs. all in all keep up the great work coc team!

to be honest, i just want the clan to get big enough to start a clanwar. if you loose a battle in cw who cares well do another one. so if you read this and don't want a clan full of those "2:1 donation rate" peeps join us. youll get basic troops (6star barbs and archers and maybe if youre lucky something better). so join fbia. only for players who just play this game for fun and not for life. ✌

i believed the game is awesome. what would be even cooler is if it did have offline mode. also what would make. the game easier is if u make like a gem collector like it makes gems. i would say like 200 gems a hour and if you upgrade it u can earn more when u upgrade. my name is little big man on clash. shout out to all clashers i hope the best. plz try out my idea if you don't like it you dont have to do it.

ya its a wonderful , amazing game which i s that everyone wants as a game but graphics are not so clear but they are not bad also if i pick out graphics its the best game ever seen in the world this game is time killer. beat your friends like these things are very good in this. friends can make their own clan and attack on enemy . if you are going to download it please join my caln clash mania!!! ok bye . wait for my next review .☺

a awesome game ever played ..i am a player of multiple account. i want to give one suggestion that in clan only leader can kick out anyone plz make tandridge improve the level of troops on clan lvl 3

i think clash of clans is an incredibly well rounded game. just got to stick with it. find a good clan, get involved. good game for a strategist. especially the clan war part. i would definitely recommend the download. and that you stick with it. even if it seems to get slow. also, i've been playing for 2. years, it doesn't have to be a "pay to play". just play it :)

hi, team. this is the only game which i have been playing since last three years and i love this game so much. but i want to give a suggestion can you update one thing in coc. means when we select our town hall then it should gives us a option to move our whole base so that we can move our base.... plzzzzz...

the game is wonderful, the game is superb also. love the control and everything but i personally think troop shouldn't be expended after a battle. it makes the kinda frustrating. loosing all your troops, not everyone can build troop up so fast. but aside from the. you guys did a great job

everyone should have this game in their devices!! one of the best games i've played on a mobile device!!! everything is just perfect! i love the graphics, the way everything is cute but aggressive. i'm addicted. one problem though.. if you'd add more ways to purchase the gems.. for instance mobile money, that would be perfect.

it is okay. i mean, everything is good and all, and it's addicting. though the graphics could be better, and maybe need some newer troops that royale does not have. other than that, i am a pure clasher at heart. also please add the israel flag for a decoration. i am part jewish so i want to put the flag of the promised land on my clash base.#originalclash #jewishclasher
