app seems to update daily, in addition to loading ads while using. often get blank white screens when using in car and often can't connect to wifi when other apps will. works best on wifi at home on (s)low bandwidth. can get more points via mobile at station than web version; but, see no advantage. however, i do report prices and do use gasbuddy to find best deal when i need to purchase gas. ymmv !

love this app.. it's a real time and money saver. recently took a road trip and this app was invaluable at saving me big time. edit: since my review of this 5 years ago this app has gotten progressively worse. they have increased the amount of ads, as if it costs them all that much to run this app, the community does all the work. also, with all of the changes in the app, it now loads slower than ever.

this is a great app. its always accurate. i took a star away because you are no longer giving us the gas quality. i gave the star back. now it shows the quality of the gasoline. great job!!! but take the huge comercial off that's in the middle. its so annoying. and now once again i will take 2 stars off because, it doesn't show top tier gas and way too many commercials. and now it takes forever to open.

originally i gave this 5 stars. now we're down to 3. why? you know that favorites icon? it's too small to hit with a finger. that is, without hitting the gas station that comes up on the main screen. put the heart back, and make it bigger. human fingers are bigger than a pen stylus.

used to be a great app. used it all the time. now it's bloated with so much junk. great looking adds that take forever to load and i don't want to see anyway. a re-write that is garbage. i used to participate regularly, now i don't bother. all i want is a simple app to check prices. don't care about points and raffles. don't care about reaching different levels for reporting prices. i still use it to check prices from time to time, mostly don't bother. looking for something more straightforward to use.

its good to know when on the road what gas station to use. we were driving to california and ended uo getting gas in az before crossing the ca which had gas that was 20 cents more expensive a gallon.

cannot see the city name anymore! the city is the most important when searching. the street address runs so long as one line that the city name cannot show. app is pretty useless now. please make the city on a first line and then the street line. like it was before! thank you.

i've just started to use this app and so far it's great. the only annoyance is that people update gas prices while gas stations are not open...

used to be a good app. i wonder why developers feel the need to constantly "fix" it. now it so screwed up, it is practically unusable. it isn't only hard to use but the ads are over the top. goodbye gasbuddy

i like this app and find it very useful for checking gas prices. it would be nice if there was a way to report when a gas station is out of gas. it doesn't help much to find the best price if there's no gas to purchase at the station.

first few editions of app were superb. latest updates and "improvements" have made it one of the most slow to launch apps i've ever used. almost not worth using. looking for alternative.

this app really helps me to save gas and find stations conveniently. however, the ads are really annoying. if i had to purchase this app to remove the ads i'd do it in a heartbeat. so please, remove the ads. thanks!

the app used to be good now for some reason many stations i always looked for are no longer on the results or even my favorites. this was one of the few apps i've had on every phone at all times, well not anymore.

the app used to work great until the smart people at gasbuddy have to screw things up. i have three vehicles with android operating system version 4.4, but now the map is squeezed to a size that it's not useable and the menus choke everything out of screen space as well. please fix! i used to use the map function even when i want looking for gas, now i can't. also screen colors are not enough contrast for viewing in sunlight. go back to your old colors! please fix this or you will lose users fast!

very slow startup (20+ seconds) as app becomes more bloated. and why not just jump right to local fuel prices instead of making you click on the button every time? there is no way to report a station being out of fuel. i wish i could downgrade to a much older version.

the new filter ribbon sucks. earlier this week, i was able to look through many brands to easily find a nearby costco, but after the update it is no longer an option, only sam's club and other regular stations

gas buddy is a great app to have to keep up with the ever changing scene of gasoline prices, especially when you're on vacation or driving in unfamiliar territory. just click on the gas station you want and hit "directions" for precise instructions! it's wonderful!! 🇺🇸🇺🇸

due to "points" incentives, people only half-heartedly drive by and update the regular and diesel prices displayed on the signs leaving the midgrade and premium prices completely inaccurate. i only buy premium fuel so this app is unfortunately useless to me. just paid 2.97 when the app showed 2.78 which was a way outdated price.

top tier gas still missing. difficult viewing prices on latest update. sorry i updated.

loved it until the big update. now stations don't show up, hard to navigate now and all the achievements i was working on are not active now.

keeps me up to date on gas price increases, and locating lowest price in a geographic area. keep up the good work.

not always up go date every hour. gas always fluctuate at any given moment.

now that i have to buy premium gas for my car this is a very helpful app. knowing i can save upto $8 per fill up by driving a few extra blocks is awesome.

new version is much better than the last update which was really bad. best features like favorites are easier to find.

i don't like the new updated version. having trouble putting in my local favorite stations and accessing them quickly to compare gas prices.

cheap gas close to where you are. one sugestion for an improvement. where you show the cheapest and most expensive gas in your area, make it where if you click on the price it will take you to the map and show you were it is.

fun to use. very helpful for locating gas and diesel when traveling. support team is very helpful if you have a problem.

too many video & popups waste time & resources. no resource for mileage logs on mobile devices to track fuel cost, consumption, & other maintenance

encourages distracted driving due to needlessly complex user interface. older version was perfect. uninstalled.

many false prices posted by many gasbuddies chasing points. app bloated with constant ads. $100 a day give away seems like a lot, but statistically most gasbuddies signing up will never win, many have won and never posted any gas prices. gasbuddy, the company is all about making much money, in the tens of millions, from a hugh volunteer force of gasbuddies. the company says that they have millions of gasbuddies and 50 million app downloads, but most gasbuddies​ have quit or retired.

the only thing i hate is that 100% gas does not have its own spot. i have to figure out what's ethanol and what's 100%. i only use 100%

always too late for current prices, the older versions were much better because they held a longer history of cities, very slow to load on newer version

it use to be good, but you have frigged it up big time. it wont add locations, it wont give me locations near me even thou i'm right next to it or at it. sucks!

to many updates. should b more user friendly like old interface was

ugh! the latest update has pretty much ruined this app

for some reason the map doesn't load anymore, all i get is the station location, just a dot on the screen.

hi chris, thanks for reaching out. when you have a moment, can you please let our support team know about this, including any screenshots of what you are seeing? thanks. https://help.gasbuddy.com/hc/en-us/requests/new

it uses to much of ram and every time you update it the ads are more and more and take's forever to load

great app, but it always seems to be running in the background, please fix.

nothing to really differentiate itself from the website. the ads are really intrusive too.

used to be a very good app and i used it all the time but now without the top gear support i'm back to guessing what station to buy my gas at

i think your app is very important for my dives and i gave it a four star because their is always for improvements,keep up the good work.

amazing that it still works well. many apps get ruined when updated. good overall design.

like being able to check prices where i am. wish all station posted prices. would like to see ethanol free gas to report.

map details missing in display on lg g6 phone.

use this to find the best prices for diesel. it can vary as much as $.40 in my area. worth checking when filling 30 gallons.

the app doesn't get up dated .to what the station has for fuel.i have reported a station not having diesel. but doesn't get removed.

load time has gotten to be longer and longer. it would be great if we could get to price reporting quicker

works fine for regular gas, but premium is always wrong. my car takes premium. :(

could use push notifications that alert when prices are going up or down. favorites selection needs some work.

most of the time i'm viewing my favourites. i wish the app would open each time on the screen i was viewing previously when i exited. great app.

this app is very easy to use and it saves me time looking for cheaper gas prices.

gas buddy is a god send for making our travel plans.

the savings with this app could be serious $ over a year!

so far, this has been an accurate app and has saved me quite a bit of money.

no longer shows local costco gas stations, or safeway.

you can get the latest and accurate price... clean app

