my first review "best road buddy, especially if you use the voice guide with it." now (april 14th), not as pleased...constantly loses gps connection. today, i was late getting to a speaking engagement because tee gps kept failing me. i have this thought...which apps can interfere with google maps? please let me know or help me fix this...

compass is still erratic. you can't expect us to move a certain distance first for the compass to determine direction, and the direction shown is still incorrect. this is very silly. compass is supposed to give us direction before we move, not after.

when i first downloaded the app it was great. now it won't start with the direction's. the last 3 times i tried to use it, it would never start. it would let me put the too and from addresses in, but that's it. help, please fix this bug. thanks. lance

the app has become a lot better with the latest feb 4th update. however, the device is still a little wonky with the orientation. it's not pointing exactly in the direction i'm facing. it's now following me correctly during navigation thanks to the update.

(1) google maps for android has lost its ability to display details in the "satellite" mode for areas in turkey. the web version does not have this problem. this annoying issue persist for more than two years now! (2) it has been more than three weeks since removing location sharing from google+, but still no "share location" option on google maps, even on the latest (april 13) version! are you serious google or just forgetful? (3) it has been more than a year that location history management is not possible from the app; it consistently returns the following error message: "can't connect to maps. try again in a a few minutes"

love the app but... i love this app. i use navigation all the time and whole heartedly trust it but with this latest 7.0 update i have to say i won't touch this update with a 10 foot pole! from the sounds of it they've completely ruined navigation and a number if other useful features (destination layers, routes and alternates, more) i'm a huge google fan but i sincerely hope the negative backlash you receive from this is soo bad it forces you to revert some of your changes. apple maps the sequel.

would really like the mph while driving option...and ability to have it on or off....thankful for this app... i hope this update (march 16,2017 )....fixes the lockup issue.

the latest update is awful! whatever is going on with the bottom pop up thing, needs to stop and be deleted now. it's very annoying.

hey google. can you add a mirror image mode so i can use google maps with my hud glass. i'd rather not use their crappy app.

it's an efficient and user-friendly application for your phone, and it is very informative for vacational trips. i recommend using it whenever you're troubled on the road.

this is a very useful app to find every place which you require. we can reach to right place with the help of this app. thanks.

literally life saving! i would love if all the areas will be made available offline.

directions are not shown correctly always. and rerouting also takes time

good user interface, better navigation, useful timeline, useful search option, useful offline mode, real time traffic updates all are good

cant find out my actual address of both my home and work place!!!!

the app stops working more than 3 time while working with rideshare i lost 3 customers and it didn't want to route any where

over all good app but direction is not accurate. directions by small road missing , direction by big road are long route.

good over all in smaller, less congested areas. has a difficult time in bigger cities.

street view in front of my home is (12) twelve years old. pitiful.😵😡

just tell me from where i can see my friends location where he or she is right now

i need very much indian railway road map in it. i search path of amritsar mail train no 13006, but nothing happens. just half backed cake.

need the option to zoom in when there is a sharp turn in road , to understand which turn to take.always misses the turns because of this ..otherwise its a great help

google is one of my favorite apps google is my most helpful app hands down

loved it and most reliable only con offline maps is still no so amazing.

good, but still gets hang up some times

just a part of everyday commute. cannot imagine driving without google maps

my wife and i enjoy using your app and benefitting too much of it, thanks.

very accurate most of the time. reliable 💯

does the work as and when we need. too good.

great app really helps get me places and warning of road works and accidents

gps eats up battery, but i think its pretty cool.. works good enough for me to not buy a gps :)

it stopped working saturday morning. it does not upload my history so that i can do reviews on the places i've been. it's terrible now. i rely on google maps for so many of my adventures. i travel with my daughter a lot. we need this app to be more than accurate.

over all good app but direction is not accurate. directions by small road missing , direction by big road are long route.

only problem is this app uses the same amount of battery as the phone screen, even with location off. searchings easy & fast due to silky smooth animations & map navigation. getting & following directions is also simple thanks to the new redesign that provides functional, user-friendly interfaces to fine tune transport, arrival times & travel dates. street view give you a 3d vista of certain locations & the explore nearby function highlight local places of interest. the ability to save directions would be useful but if you need a map, you'll be hard pressed to beat google maps.