hello, i'm an avid insta user and i use it for my business account too. but today somehow i've been logged out of my business instagram account and seems to can't log in back. i change the password, log in via fb, etc. but instagram wont let me in and wont sending me the verify code to log in. please fix this bug, because i need my business account that i mend organically from small numbers.

this app is so great for sharing moments of your own. you can choose if you want your account private or to the world, as well as so many other cool features! it's also good for sharing uplifting posts. my only problem with it though is that android phones have late updates other than iphone's get the latest update sooner! please fix this. for now, i'll rate it four star, if you fix the android problem, i'll change it to five.

so... great content. which has something to do w instagram but is primarily because theres a herd of talented people out there making stuff. and kudos for fostering a creative community of users. but, three stars only cause... why do my videos constantly get stuck and won't play? i've cleared cache and re-installed and checked my power saving settings and rebooted a dozen times but to no avail. laaaaame.

instagram isn't working anymore on my phone. i created an instagram account with my facebook account and everything was fine. as i updated instagram it suddenly stopped refreshing my feed and said that it couldn't be loaded. i uninstalled the app, because i thought it would maybe work, but now i'm unable to login and other people can't find my profile anymore. could someone help me how i should proceed?

please put photos back in the order that people have posted them!!! 😡 or at least give us the option in settings or something. + please put the "following" list back in alphabetical order. + showing that someone i follow liked someone else's comment takes up a lot of room in the "following" notifications tab. + the "following" list now reloads back to the top when you click on a profile and then go back to the list. + it says my support request was updated, but when i click that it says "oops, an error occured."

by far my favorite social network; though a few things hold it down. would love to see video playback controls as waiting for a video to finish playing to watch it from the start is rather cumbersome. followers list would be better off in alphabetical order (or better yet different options to sort it). a dark theme would also be appreciated.

i love using instagram and every options in it.. but the worst part of instagram is guys who using apps or coins or the ways to increase their fake or real followers crazily and artificially.. for instance, a girl posts only one pic of her toe or brushed nails, and gets 94676k like and followers!! while when we use useful tags (i am very good at using tags) and educational posts, we dont have any option to increase our followers legally.. it seems tags arent useful to get more followers.. why dont instagram stop users who add fake followers? why dont instagram stop people from selling instagram

everything's good — the change in features, i admit; is quite overwhelming, but it's not a bother. my main concern directs to commenting, actually. instagram worked well for a good few hours, before they started blocking my comments from replying to anyone who commented on my posts. they stated that my comment could not be posted due to restrictions of certain content and actions to protect the community — yet i've only commented a simple 'hello' with no harm done. i hope this problem will soon be fixed.

i love the app, i can't imagine a day without instagram, but please make the zoom on the direct camera where the stories are and front flash on boomerang... please do this for any android device. thanks... and one more thing.. make front flash while u r taking pics with the back camera(rear camera)... tnx again.. hope u see this and do this

after the last update, the app won't let me post any videos. the loading bar stucks in the middle going back and forth resulting to failure of upload. and as if that wasn't enough it won't load any other videos from other accounts or video stories. they simply never start playing no matter how long i wait, so i have to copy the url and paste it to the browser in order to see them. come on what a mess. please fix this.

i'm a huge fan of instagram and run a blog myself! but one thing i'm really missing is it's old looks.. the newer updates to instagram are making the ui much like ios, which on an android phone looks like a desperate replication job! 😒 wish instagram could included a dark theme in the settings to make it atleast a little differentiable from ios...!

in the first update if multiple photos in a single post the transition between two photographs was smooth and it felt like all the photographs were stiched. now we neither can't go back and forth nor we can see between two photos. bring back that update or at least add an option saying panorama so that by selecting such an option the transition will be smooth.

needs video playback controls asap, seriously. videos start playing automatically on mute and then we lose the sound of the first seconds (crucial if it is speech). some videos are long, and waiting for them to replay is annoying, if you want to re-watch a specific part. come on, instagram, stop snapchatting the whole app while you miss important basic features.

uggghhh this is an amazing app. its really awesome. everything is perfect. but the fact that the post arent in proper order as the times the were posted drives me crazy! please change that and put it back as to how it originally was! or at least have an option so people can choose. thankyou. it would be really helpful if this happened and im sure others will appreciate it too!

it's a good app overall. i'm a bit disappointed that it automatically crops the images and you can't send videos longer than 15 seconds or so in messaging. great for finding friends, pictures of airplanes, and other things though! if they would not crop the pictures in messaging and let us send longer videos, that would be awesome and very much appreciated.

my photos arent able to be posted many a times. it shows "not posted" and no matter how many times i click "retry", it still dsnt get uploaded. i resort to deleting the app and installing it. only then will it be successful in uploading. but it goes back to square one and the cycle begins again.

it has gotten incredibly frustrating to use as of late. i've had instagram for a rather long time, and experienced little to no issues until the new update. every time i enter the app, now, instagram says it can't load anything, and some random buffering page flashes on the screen, making it hard to close. worst update.

nothing bad, but i got those new disappearing dm photos option even before i updated the app, and i still had to update it (manual update)... so, what's the point? seems every facebook related app does this pseudo updating and just crams the update whether you wanted it or not...

i always have a notification in my in box l, even if i check it, it doesn't go away. i've even tried re-downloading. also the updates are annoying. why can't you send permanent pictures to chats anymore, i mean ones you haven't previously saved? it's very annoying, but instagram is my top social media choice. since all my friends have it and it's relatively easy to use.

what good is it adding stories to ig, when 85% of the time they don't even load. i still haven't been able to see an actual story and the regular videos are choppy. so annoying smh (update 4/13/17) again, many videos won't load, plus many times i can't even upload or repost videos. if it wasn't that i use this to keep up with music, i would uninstall. ig has way too many flaws. 👎

i used to love instagram. i still do but one tiny issue. whenever i try to log in all it says is "sorry, there was a problem with your request" this is something that's happened to a lot of people. i've tried changing my password many times & it still hasn't worked. i've already emailed & haven't gotten a reply . i would really appreciate it if instagram could fix this.

instagram won't see this so i'm hoping other users will, but is anyone else having a problem with uploading videos? i try uploading 15-50 second videos that just keep buffering and freezing, sometimes for over a day. i've messaged ig about this before but of course no response and this has been going on for over a month now. aside from that, i also got locked out from one my accounts. i logged out and when i tried to log back in, it wouldn't let me even when i confirmed by code through email.

videos are so slow to upload even on a 75 mb connection with fast upload also (speed test confirmed this) and some videos badly deteriorate in quality. also sometimes it says 'cannot import video try later' but never works so is only instagram can't share on. bugs are reported but nothing is ever done. very bad app on android. would get 5 stars if they cared and fixed things but they dont.

instagram doesn't remember the facebook share settings. it remembers the settings for twitter, but not facebook. you have to log back into facebook through instagram, then once again configure the share page you want your photo shared too, then you can share. this is a very annoying almost hourly process if you're sharing a lot from instagram to other social media outlets... fix?

please fix the converter engine..the quality of video and audio ive upload always turns so bad once its done..at least dont compress the resolution too much.. also please consider to make an option so users can choose between the light or the dark-themed background.. it hurts my eyes when i opened instagram in the middle of the night..and im pretty sure that im not the only one.. and it would be nice if you add some pinned photos/video features. thanks a lot

once upon a time, instagram was instagram, and everybody loved it. then one day mark zuckerberg bought instagram and decided it should be more like facebook, so he got rid of time and ruined instagram with algorithms. now, mark has decided to steal ideas and turn instagram into snapchat. stop trying to turn instagram into snapchat!

i dont like the new following and followers setting, it's nice because i can search people but when i'm scroll down and open they profile anddd then when i back to the following section they back to the top. so i have to scroll again when i open someone profile and then back it's happen again. it's so burdensome really pls you make me live a difficult life

i can't ever post video or pictures in the 'story' feature, as well as the occasional crashing. *update* now i can't post video of any kind at all it refuses to post them. and now i can't see the page that tells me who liked my pictures and who commented. it says unable to refresh everytime. i've just uninstalled and reinstalled for the 4th time. don't use this. i've also sent in multiple reports to instagram with no results or any answer back. when you report to them the problems, the app crashes. worst customer service. posting this and using it on samsung galaxy a5.

the only reason to have this kind of app is because instagram, the site, is specifically designed to block all normal attempts to capture pics. the ridiculous instagram app also doesn't offer a capture pic option! one star until and unless this idiocy is changed. dumbasses!

doesn't work well with android. stories and videos don't upload at all sometimes (even with wifi) and then it doesn't give you the option to delete what you're trying to post. so while the story or video is being uploaded (which doesn t happen at all) you can't switch accounts because it's not done uploading. so you get stuck in the account you're in until maybe the next day when it decides to finish uploading.

i love instagram, it's a really great app for sharing & editing photos. but, why can't i do live video? it keeps saying 'checking connection' while my internet connection is excellent. is it just me or there is something wrong? overall, it's a great app thx :)

this is my favourite app,i love watching comedians' videos, but it won't let me post videos, or if it does, the video is always screwed. in addition to that, sometimes instagram stops working a few times on a row. please, let android user have all privileges iphone users have.

edit: the "followed by" list isnt accurate. only lists well known ppl. i kno my friends follow similar celebs, but theyre never listed, even if i search their following list. also, ads r gettin outta control. on high speed wifi, and its still lagging everything cuz of the ads. on all devices. i also have it set not to play sounds right away, but ads sometimes play sound anyway.

the app is good. but the site it's self needs work. hard to find some things and the filters are very strict. this could be solved with rateing filters and card verified age certified restrictions. i am still looking for a deactivate button so i can get rid of an older profile i don't want to use.

so... great content. which has something to do w instagram but is primarily because theres a herd of talented people out there making stuff. and kudos for fostering a creative community of users. but, three stars only cause... why do my videos constantly get stuck and won't play? i've cleared cache and re-installed and checked my power saving settings and rebooted a dozen times but to no avail. laaaaame.

it has gotten incredibly frustrating to use as of late. i've had instagram for a rather long time, and experienced little to no issues until the new update. every time i enter the app, now, instagram says it can't load anything, and some random buffering page flashes on the screen, making it hard to close. worst update.

my photos arent able to be posted many a times. it shows "not posted" and no matter how many times i click "retry", it still dsnt get uploaded. i resort to deleting the app and installing it. only then will it be successful in uploading. but it goes back to square one and the cycle begins again.

nothing bad, but i got those new disappearing dm photos option even before i updated the app, and i still had to update it (manual update)... so, what's the point? seems every facebook related app does this pseudo updating and just crams the update whether you wanted it or not...

instagreat :) this app is the best app ive used,i always thought instagram was lame but after my first post ive become addicted to this app

this sucks!!!! i can not even download it anymore!!! i had to reset my phone and now it says my device isn't compatible. yet i had it before. what the heck!!!!!

awesome... sleek and excellent on my sony xperia z...i can upload pics directly from a contact's bbm display picture or from photo gallery. wish i could give this apps more than 5stars!

enjoyable photo social media!! i don't know why i didn't join instagram sooner! way easier to post and view quick photos and shared items. the only drawback i had is the mobile app is a little difficult to get used to at first, but its easily learned.

perfect now i can show people all of my food!!! just kidding, app is really great for showing some of important moments from your life. now this being said, please return squared profile pictures, those circles don't really cut it.

ehh every once in a while it changes my password due to “unusual" activity. luckily i use a working email so i can reset it, but u really wish it wouldn't do that.

this app is ×10 times better than snapchat. frm my side i shuld say this app is best in social media apps, n no changes are required for this app and it shuld remain same. story feature is quite better which attracts me. and also one more feature is goodd which is that we can unsend message. and at last, i use this app 24/7.

this is such an awesome app to connecting people ....to all around the world.....loved it