Hello, i'm an avid insta user and i use it for my business account too. But today somehow i've been logged out of my business instagram account and seems to can't log in back. I change the password, log in via fb, etc. But instagram wont let me in and wont sending me the verify code to log in. Please fix this bug, because i need my business account that i mend organically from small numbers.
This app is so great for sharing moments of your own. You can choose if you want your account private or to the world, as well as so many other cool features! It's also good for sharing uplifting posts. My only problem with it though is that Android phones have late updates other than iPhone's get the latest update sooner! Please fix this. For now, I'll rate it four star, if you fix the Android problem, I'll change it to five.
So... great content. Which has something to do w Instagram but is primarily because theres a herd of talented people out there making stuff. And kudos for fostering a creative community of users. But, three stars only cause... why do my videos CONSTANTLY get stuck and won't play? I've cleared cache and re-installed and checked my power saving settings and rebooted a dozen times but to no avail. Laaaaame.
Instagram isn't working anymore on my phone. I created an instagram Account with my Facebook account and everything was fine. As I updated Instagram it suddenly stopped refreshing my feed and said that it couldn't be loaded. I uninstalled the app, because I thought it would maybe work, but now I'm unable to login and other people can't find my profile anymore. Could someone help me how I should proceed?
Please put photos back in the order that people have posted them!!! 😡 Or at least give us the option in settings or something. + Please put the "following" list back in alphabetical order. + Showing that someone I follow liked someone else's comment takes up a lot of room in the "following" notifications tab. + The "following" list now reloads back to the top when you click on a profile and then go back to the list. + It says my support request was updated, but when I click that it says "oops, an error occured.
By far my favorite social network; though a few things hold it down. Would love to see video playback controls as waiting for a video to finish playing to watch it from the start is rather cumbersome. Followers list would be better off in alphabetical order (or better yet different options to sort it). A dark theme would also be appreciated.
I love using Instagram and every options in it.. But the worst part of Instagram is guys who using apps or coins or the ways to increase their fake or real followers crazily and artificially.. For instance, a girl posts only one pic of her toe or brushed nails, and gets 94676k like and followers!! While when we use useful tags (I am very good at using tags) and educational posts, we dont have any option to increase our followers legally.. It seems tags arent useful to get more followers.. Why dont Instagram stop users who add fake followers? Why dont instagram stop people from selling Instagra
Everything's good — the change in features, I admit; is quite overwhelming, but it's not a bother. My main concern directs to commenting, actually. Instagram worked well for a good few hours, before they started blocking my comments from replying to anyone who commented on my posts. They stated that my comment could not be posted due to restrictions of certain content and actions to protect the community — yet I've only commented a simple 'hello' with no harm done. I hope this problem will soon be fixed
i love the app, i can't imagine a day without Instagram, but please make the zoom on the direct camera where the stories are and front flash on boomerang... please do this for any Android device. thanks... and one more thing.. make front flash while u r taking pics with the back camera(rear camera)... tnx again.. hope u see this and do this
After the last update, the app won't let me post any videos. The loading bar stucks in the middle going back and forth resulting to failure of upload. And as if that wasn't enough it won't load any other videos from other accounts or video stories. They simply never start playing no matter how long I wait, so I have to copy the url and paste it to the browser in order to see them. Come on what a mess. Please fix this.
I'm a huge fan of Instagram and run a blog myself! But one thing I'm really missing is it's old looks.. the newer updates to Instagram are making the UI much like IOS, which on an Android phone looks like a desperate replication job! 😒 Wish Instagram could included a dark theme in the settings to make it atleast a little differentiable from IOS...!
In the first update if multiple photos in a single post the transition between two photographs was smooth and it felt like all the photographs were stiched. Now we neither can't go back and forth nor we can see between two photos. Bring back that update or at least add an option saying Panorama so that by selecting such an option the transition will be smooth.
Needs video playback controls ASAP, seriously. Videos start playing automatically on mute and then we lose the sound of the first seconds (crucial if it is speech). Some videos are long, and waiting for them to replay is annoying, if you want to re-watch a specific part. Come on, Instagram, stop snapchatting the whole app while you miss important basic features.
Uggghhh this is an amazing app. Its really awesome. Everything is perfect. But the fact that the post arent in proper order as the times the were posted drives me crazy! Please change that and put it back as to how it originally was! Or at least have an option so people can choose. Thankyou. It would be really helpful if this happened and im sure others will appreciate it too!
It's a good app overall. I'm a bit disappointed that it automatically crops the images and you can't send videos longer than 15 seconds or so in messaging. Great for finding friends, pictures of airplanes, and other things though! If they would not crop the pictures in messaging and let us send longer videos, that would be awesome and very much appreciated.
My photos arent able to be posted many a times. It shows "Not Posted" and no matter how many times i click "Retry", it still dsnt get uploaded. I resort to deleting the app and installing it. Only then will it be successful in uploading. But it goes back to square one and the cycle begins again.
It has gotten incredibly frustrating to use as of late. I've had Instagram for a rather long time, and experienced little to no issues until the new update. Every time I enter the app, now, Instagram says it can't load anything, and some random buffering page flashes on the screen, making it hard to close. Worst update.
Nothing bad, but I got those new disappearing DM photos option even before I updated the app, and I still had to update it (manual update)... So, what's the point? Seems every Facebook related app does this pseudo updating and just crams the update whether you wanted it or not...
I always have a notification in my in box l, even if I check it, it doesn't go away. I've even tried re-downloading. Also the updates are annoying. Why can't you send permanent pictures to chats anymore, I mean ones you haven't previously saved? It's very annoying, but Instagram is my top social media choice. Since all my friends have it and it's relatively easy to use.
What good is it adding stories to IG, when 85% of the time they don't even load. I still haven't been able to see an actual story and the regular videos are choppy. So annoying smh (Update 4/13/17) again, many videos won't load, plus many times I can't even upload or repost videos. If it wasn't that I use this to keep up with music, I would uninstall. IG has way too many flaws. 👎
I used to love instagram. I still do but one tiny issue. Whenever I try to log in all it says is "sorry, there was a problem with your request" this is something that's happened to a lot of people. I've tried changing my password many times & it still hasn't worked. I've already emailed & haven't gotten a reply . I would really appreciate it if instagram could fix this.
Instagram won't see this so I'm hoping other users will, but is anyone else having a problem with uploading videos? I try uploading 15-50 second videos that just keep buffering and freezing, sometimes for over a day. I've messaged IG about this before but of course no response and this has been going on for over a month now. Aside from that, I also got locked out from one my accounts. i logged out and when i tried to log back in, it wouldn't let me EVEN when I confirmed by code through email.
Videos are so slow to upload even on a 75 mb connection with fast upload also (speed test confirmed this) and some videos badly deteriorate in quality. Also sometimes it says 'cannot import video try later' but never works so is only instagram can't share on. Bugs are reported but nothing is ever done. Very bad app on android. Would get 5 stars if they cared and fixed things but they dont.
Instagram doesn't remember the Facebook share settings. It remembers the settings for Twitter, but not Facebook. You have to log back into Facebook through Instagram, then once again configure the share page you want your photo shared too, then you can share. This is a very annoying almost hourly process if you're sharing a lot from Instagram to other social media outlets... Fix?
Please fix the converter engine..the quality of video and audio ive upload always turns so bad once its done..at least dont compress the resolution too much.. Also please consider to make an option so users can choose between the light or the dark-themed background.. It hurts my eyes when i opened instagram in the middle of the night..and im pretty sure that im not the only one.. And it would be nice if you add some pinned photos/video features. Thanks a lot
Once upon a time, Instagram was Instagram, and everybody loved it. Then one day Mark Zuckerberg bought Instagram and decided it should be more like Facebook, so he got rid of time and ruined Instagram with algorithms. Now, Mark has decided to steal ideas and turn Instagram into Snapchat. STOP TRYING TO TURN INSTAGRAM INTO SNAPCHAT!
I dont like the new following and followers setting, it's nice because I can search people but when I'm scroll down and open they profile anddd then when I back to the following section they back to the top. So I have to scroll again when I open someone profile and then back it's happen again. It's so burdensome really pls you make me live a difficult life
I can't ever post video or pictures in the 'Story' feature, as well as the occasional crashing. *UPDATE* Now I can't post video of any kind at all it refuses to post them. And now I can't see the page that tells me who liked my pictures and who commented. It says unable to refresh everytime. I've just uninstalled and reinstalled for the 4th time. Don't use this. I've also sent in multiple reports to Instagram with no results or any answer back. When you report to them the problems, the app CRASHES. Worst customer service. Posting this and using it on Samsung Galaxy A5.
The only reason to have this kind of app is because Instagram, the site, is specifically designed to BLOCK all normal attempts to capture pics. The ridiculous Instagram app also doesn't offer a capture pic option! One star until and unless this idiocy is changed. Dumbasses!
Doesn't work well with android. Stories and videos don't upload at all sometimes (even with wifi) and then it doesn't give you the option to delete what you're trying to post. So while the story or video is being uploaded (which doesn t happen at all) you can't switch accounts because it's not done uploading. So you get stuck in the account you're in until maybe the next day when it decides to finish uploading.
I love instagram, it's a really great app for sharing & editing photos. But, why can't I do live video? It keeps saying 'checking connection' while my internet connection is excellent. Is it just me or there is something wrong? Overall, it's a great app thx :)
This is my favourite app,I love watching comedians' videos, but it won't let me post videos, or if it does, the video is always screwed. In addition to that, sometimes instagram stops working a few times on a row. Please, let android user have all privileges Iphone users have.
edit: the "followed by" list isnt accurate. only lists well known ppl. i kno my friends follow similar celebs, but theyre never listed, even if i search their following list. also, ads r gettin outta control. on high speed wifi, and its still lagging everything cuz of the ads. on all devices. i also have it set not to play sounds right away, but ads sometimes play sound anyway.
The app is good. But the site it's self needs work. Hard to find some things and the filters are very strict. This could be solved with rateing filters and card verified age certified restrictions. I am still looking for a deactivate button so I can get rid of an older profile I don't want to use.
So... great content. Which has something to do w Instagram but is primarily because theres a herd of talented people out there making stuff. And kudos for fostering a creative community of users. But, three stars only cause... why do my videos CONSTANTLY get stuck and won't play? I've cleared cache and re-installed and checked my power saving settings and rebooted a dozen times but to no avail. Laaaaame.
It has gotten incredibly frustrating to use as of late. I've had Instagram for a rather long time, and experienced little to no issues until the new update. Every time I enter the app, now, Instagram says it can't load anything, and some random buffering page flashes on the screen, making it hard to close. Worst update.
My photos arent able to be posted many a times. It shows "Not Posted" and no matter how many times i click "Retry", it still dsnt get uploaded. I resort to deleting the app and installing it. Only then will it be successful in uploading. But it goes back to square one and the cycle begins again.
Nothing bad, but I got those new disappearing DM photos option even before I updated the app, and I still had to update it (manual update)... So, what's the point? Seems every Facebook related app does this pseudo updating and just crams the update whether you wanted it or not...
Instagreat :) This app is the best app ive used,i always thought instagram was lame but after my first post ive become addicted to this app
This sucks!!!! I can not even download it anymore!!! I had to reset my phone and now it says my device isn't compatible. Yet I had it before. What the heck!!!!!
Awesome... Sleek and excellent on my Sony Xperia Z...I can upload pics directly from a contact's bbm display picture or from photo gallery. Wish I could give this apps more than 5stars!
Enjoyable photo social media!! I don't know why I didn't join Instagram sooner! Way easier to post and view quick photos and shared items. The only drawback I had is the mobile app is a little difficult to get used to at first, but its easily learned.
Perfect Now I can show people all of my food!!! Just kidding, app is really great for showing some of important moments from your life. Now this being said, please return squared profile pictures, those circles don't really cut it.
Ehh Every once in a while it changes my password due to “unusual" activity. Luckily I use a working email so I can reset it, but u really wish it wouldn't do that.
This app is ×10 times better than snapchat. Frm my side i shuld say this app is best in social media apps, N no changes are required for this app and it shuld remain same. Story feature is quite better which attracts me. And also one more feature is goodd which is that we can unsend message. And at last, i use this app 24/7.
This is such an Awesome App to connecting people ....to all around the world.....loved it
Please go back tot he old way ! These new versions and updates just makes the app worse. All the post on my timeline are from hours and hours ago, nothing current.
Just, why? Who thought this random sequence of posts was a good idea? I have to dig around and search for the most recent posts as ones from over four days ago are at the very top. Please, hurry and fix this.
Instagram is pretty much one of the best social media apps. Other than the ads every now and then, it is perfect. Love it!
Videos automatically play sound and there's no setting to turn that feature off
Love bro love the only place I get to say #madselfie
Can we get an option to go back to chronological order?
I use IG a lot and it gets really frustrating when IG does things like Shadow banning and other initiatives. I manage my account and several other businesses and I really hate to see them penalized because more than one mobile device is attached to their account. Instagram is supposed to be about community and engagement, not about Instagram shutting off exposure so that you'll buy their minimally effective ads. #overit
My name on instagram is drippy.thegod I've been nothing but loyal to this social media but now all I face is log in issues daily I can't even use a link to get back in it's like they don't even want me to use this app smh
Usually I love Instagram and only have little problems here and there like messages disappearing for a moment but now I can't log in. I assumed it was something with my phone as usual but now that I've reinstalled the app I can't log in to /anything/
"After I do this I'm deleting the app. I don't mind the new icon or the basic layout... I do mind seeing posts I saw 1-4 days ago at the top. I do mind wasting my time and data to scroll down to only see 1-2 recent posts. This change is the worst thing you could have done. You don't even have it where we can click to see posts in chronological order like Facebook does and that's the ONLY reason I keep them. Your algorithms for moments I care about first are failures because I want to see recent moments rather ones I've already seen and you guys don't get that. Majority of you users prefer that over reseeing past moments and it's obvious that you people don't listen. So I'm booting you out the door and I  hope the door slaps you in the head on the way out.
I'm keeping the rating the same because you people haven't changed it.... The only reason you people did an update was to try to get a higher rating..
Still keeping the rating the same until we get chronological back. I'm missing seeing people I follow... 8/3
Rating again.... I'm seeing posts from a week ago at top.... deleting again... make it CHRONOLOGICAL AGAIN DUMMIES! LISTEN TO YOUR USERS!"
The only reason I used to get on instagram in the first place was to see a plethora of many different photos in my newsfeed or whatever.  Now, I see photos from about 7 different accounts because it's based on what I've liked and I hate it.  And I can't use the discovery page because it's turned into a weird clickbate haven for people who seem to get off by having a lot of likes on pictures that have nothing to do with anything, saying things like, "double tap to see the magic." If you have not managed to stop this by now you must have already given up on your company. ✌️
Gotta love IG
Addicted to it !!!.. still the best
"Below is my review of Instagram from five years ago. I loved the app and used it frequently. Today? Not so much. Why? The algorithm change. Currently, I see the same photos over and over, or photos from five days ago. I feel as if I'm a "creeper" when I am commenting on someone's old post. As with thousands of other IG users, we want to be able to view photos in chronological order--or at the very least, have the option to do so.
From 2012:
Simple App = Amazing Photos
I'm really enjoying this app. Super easy interface allows you to edit and share beautiful photos. Best part about this app? It's free!"
❤️❤️
Weird issues - freezing up, and if I attempt to zoom in on things, I can't zoom back out. It just stays blown up. I leave the app and come back to a blown up photo I cannot get away from. I either have to power cycle my iPhone or delete the app.
Love it
Great app
I Use this app 👍🏿
Good app
Can't login into any of my accounts on the app when I try to it say "sorry there was a problem with your request" so I used my email to log in and now I can't even log in with my email. Fix.The.Login.Problem!!!!
I like Instagram but when I deleted it and redownloaded it, it kept saying that there was a problem when trying to sign in. Please help me
Man love the Gram a way to keep in touch with no hazel
I keep seeing the same photos over and over and missing photos that I would like to see. I'm afraid to like photos because they will change my algorithm even further. PLEASE give us the option to OPT OUT of the algorithm.
My account got hacked, no way to recover it
Love it
Instagram is a great app. Simple, fun and creative. The only problem is that sometimes my Instagram can have glitches when the screen freeze.
Love pictures mostly instead of advertisements
Keeps logging me out of all my accounts!
Filters, captions however you like, privacy, etc - such a perfect app not just for the iPhone!
Instagram is the greatest keeps me up-to-date
Tanx
"Instagram is very fun u get to
Post pictures and comment and like😁"
Quickly becoming one of my favorite platforms. Loving all the updates and I'm excited to see what's next! Thank you Instagram for any easy, fun platform to use!
If your wondering whether to download it then don't wait download now, its so easy to use!!
The best
Amazing App
Your new algorithm is literally the WORST THING YOU COULD HAVE DONE! Please revert back or I know everyone is going to stop using it, just like FB!
Врх.
When ever I get a dm and I open it the push notification stays up. It doesn't go away no matter how hard I try. And I've re downloaded the app like 3 times at least and it keeps happening. Besides that Instagram is the homie.
The app was fine until posts stopped being in chronological order. Bad update
Who doesn't like instagram?
howdy love this apple cn see nudes
Can u please let me edit my pictures after I post them
Possibly one of the most effective way to connect to all walks of life. Only problem Ive noticed is the notifications are always late, not real-time, but thats not a big deal.
I cant log in anymore it keeps saying "Sorry,there was a problwm with your request"could yall fix this issue today
I've loved every updated version since 2012 ❤️ this is by far my most used and favorite app. Thanks guys👊🏻
I love this app. I can post away and find cool pictures all day.
It's a fun way to socialize during the weekend and a lot of fun to see what your friends are doing.
I just updated the app and now it won't stop crashing when I open a draft pic to edit it...please fix this!!
I love instagram. It's honestly amazing because you can use this platform for anything. But it keeps posting something that I want to post on one account onto a completely different one. It'll say that I'm posting on my second account but will post on my first. Please fix.
Fix my explore page. This new one needs to go now.
Bring back chronological order.  Please.
I LOVEE Instagram but there is this login problem where a lot of ppl are having SOO PLSSSS INSTAGRAM HELPPPP US NOOWWWW🤣🤣  (when u help will rate it 5 star! Love this app but if I can't  log in what's the point?
Would be such a great option besides only hands free video ,as well as giving us the ability to post portraits of any size ,would be the greatest improvement Instagram can have ,we still have to crop them in half to post and that's probably my biggest complaint! Please add these improvements! They would greatly be loved and appreciated! Thank you!
Best
It keeps getting better
I love this app so much it really makes me happy to show people how I am what I'm doing and etc. keep doing what your doing
Great
I can't see how many likes on my posts. Kindly fix the issue.
Fix it
Instagram love it, i could have or not Facebook account, tweeter account, but Instagram couldn't change it for any is the best.
🤙🏿
Love it
I CANNOT LOG INTO MY ACCOUNTS!!! The app will not allow me to log into my accounts at all, not even the login links help at all.
Intuitive ap for the media dilettante seeking to build, develop and disseminate authentic brand. Appreciate developer's willingness to assist with maintaining content's originality (i.e.: no ballot stuffing). Connectivity, adaptability, what's not to like.
Instagram wants me to verify my account, but it will not send me the verification code. I have been trying all day to get it to work.. please address this issue as soon as possible I need to get back into my Instagram account.
I admit it I didn't use the app for awhile and when I came back the frame filter was gone...why? I liked it!
IM ONLY RATING THIS 5 STARS SO IT GOES TO THE TOP. I HAVENT BEEN ABLE TO LOG INTO INSTAGRAM FOR WEEKS ON THE APP. I keep getting an error message saying " sorry, there was a problem with your request. " PLEASE FIX THIS ASAP IM SO ANGRY.
Such an amazing way to share my craft of crochet. Sharpe's Crochet Cre8tion on FB.
I love Instagram. I really do. I only have ONE major problem with it that shouldn't affect much. The direct message group size can be a total of sixteen. I wish it could be something more like thirty or so because people are being left out of major conversations. Also, if you could make it to where the account that created the group could remove people from the group, that'd be great! Anyway, Instagram is a great app. I am actually addicted to it, sooo...
Once again, pictures from Instagram won't post to Facebook. This bug comes and goes, please fix it for good already!!
It's awesome I can keep in touch with my friends and talk to anybody
I hate how I see posts from weeks ago before more resent posts I miss posts from my friends because of this and it's just really annoying I'm hoping for a future update where you can decide to have the current algorithm or the old one. I love Instagram but the resent updates have been terrible
I love the app, but the disappearing photos now, random uploads, and all that is really annoying me. I loved the fact that I could use camera and send a photo to a friend, than using my real phone camera to send them something. I'd rather have it where it stays, and I don't need these stupid disappearing photos. Plus, I hate how you guys put on stories. Plus, every time I try zooming I to a photo that's been in my library, the screen goes back to feed, and I can't zoom in. It's annoyingly. Fix it.
A few hours ago, I attempted to order a couple of drinks at this "hipster" bar a few blocks away from my apartment called Buzzmill. I gave them two chances, but their staff advised me to leave the bar because they weren't comfortable enough to trust my ID (I'm 39 years old), and they didn't believe that I may or may not have been accompanied by illegal immigrants. We have a moron president and a complicit bar manager at Buzzmill. As much as I've enjoyed Buzzmill in the past, I must insist that my friends no longer patronize it for the time being.
How can you unblock a person if every time you try is just says "user not found" it doesn't make any sense. You need to have a way to unblock a person if they are blocked.
I deleted my app. And re downloaded it. And logged in. And it's been saying "sorry there was a problem with your request". So I get a link sent to my email. And it opens in the safari. And it says open in the app, so I click it. Annndddd it still won't let me log in. 😑..
any wifi i connect to my instagram is slow. it glitches and it shut down. most of the time it takes a minute for a picture to load. help.
Five stars, why not? to The best Social Media application
What is there to say
awesomeness!
Why does it cut off pictures in chats no on the right side?? And you can see people who blocked you's comments sometimes?? And it doesn't follow through with reports...
Been here for little while pretty cool app
Wonderful app
Great Great..
I only have one problem. I keep getting post notifications late. I love everything about the app except that I'm getting notifications later than they are happening.
"For a while I have been trying to log in my account by just putting in my username and password , and every time it would "sorry there was an error" so I decided to use my email to log in and it finally worked . About a month later I got the new update and it isn't letting me log in AT ALL !!!! Please fix this !!! 😩
UPDATE: still not able to log in !!!!! 😡 I love this app but if this isn't fixed soon I am just going to delete it ."
I logged out of my main account, the account I have everything on! And I can't login, even though the password is right. And when you switch accounts the main account is there but it won't let me log into it.
such a good app I love it download it babes
😻😻everything
I have a lot of fun viewing and sharing photos with Instagram.
I got so many followers I literally turned into a celebrity
It is the best app ever. It came like my best friend. You can add and like other people pictures
The new time line causes me to like people's pictures from FOUR DAYS AGO. I follow about 450 people so this should not happen. Might as well write letters and send them in THE MAIL!!!!!!!! Totally defeats the purpose of social media. LOOK AT HOW MANY MORE ONE STARS THE CURRENT VERSION HAS.  Please fix💖💖
Great app just needs to bring back the regular photos instead of sending a snap in the dms
I just love it
i love ig with my whole heart but how the app is rn is gross. bring back the chrono feed, and the old dm style. otherwise still love it
Instagram is great; needs some tweaking to be better.
PLEASE BRING BACK THE CHRONOLOGICAL ORDER!!! No need to keep adding stuff, just bring back the chronological order! It's annoying to get a post that is like 3 days ago and u can't even see the latest posts unless u go to their own account! And the notification, the recommendation part is eating my notification space -.- but the most important is BRING BACK THE CHRONOLOGICAL ORDER!! A lot of people are already asking for it, so why not to it?!
Great for what I needed.
Thanks
Yes
It's goooood
First time in a long tine
Not as bad as I originally anticipated
It is really good app
Good must improve
I wish i could delete this entire thing off my account
😊😁
Wow, so you guys take down a video of someone putting a white marker on their face, but if it's any over race it's fine. Cultural appropriate and racism is okay, unless if it's directed towards white people.
Great
The app give us so many interesting.
Awesome  I think this app is the best way to keep in touch with friends and also u can meet random people when they follow you, you can make lots of friends, and good filters 5  thumps up
Does Android have instagram live? Bc I don't have Instagram live on my phone??? I updated the app and reset my phone for nothing 😒
Awesome
So easy to use and i love the new save feature!
I love this game.e
Lol
Love it
I am in love with it ;)
Just enjoy everyone's pics of inspiration and talent and Love..
Improve emojis
It doesn't respond properly, gets close on its own 😡
It's a really good aap I love u insta
Coolest apps i ever seen
Amazing
Videos take FOREVER to play but I love it
Not sure
It's the only app on my phone that doesn't load its feed quick enough and then it leaves you waiting several minutes till you can keep on looking at phoyos and videos
I freakin love it
Amazing Arigatou Instagram 😄😄😄
I hate it
Amazing way to connect with friends and family totally recommend it.
Enjoying this app😍😘😘
Just awesome
This is the best app ever in town
I like the app💙😂
I like the app
awsm app love it  😍
U every work
I think that it is very VERY good and addictive bc I deleted it but had to download it again bc well I can't live without it😊😄😃😀
Its ight
It doesn't need to be reviewed now!! One of the best app for social networking..thanks team.
It is good
I LOVE IT!!! It's so great for keeping in touch with my friends!!!
It's a wonderful app on social media
I like Instagram it's pretty cool :)
I love i g
Awesome!!
Just do it.
Love this app
Addicted!
Love this app best app ever
Decent for uploading and viewing pics
👍👍
I love it some lags  but epic
Ayoba
It so good program
Love it
Awesomme
It's a fun app. I like it. I love the boomerang, and my story feature.
This app is amazing and fulfills it's promises.
I love Instagram so much
New phone and catching the blues trying to get into my account
For me it is simply just perfect.
Awesome
Addictive
I lost my account. What the hell do you guys do ???
Its Awsome
I love sharing the beauty I find in those moments. They become my story. Even if we cannot bring time back or return to the past, the pictures and the people we share with remind us of the goodness and the deliciousness of life. I love instagram because is so easy to keep track of that story.
Love it
My space to manipulate one's profile and messaging
OK
Perfect 😍😍😍
No
A must-have for any hipster wannabe artist.
The camera quality when it comes to taking selfies isn't great, I usually upload. And they should cut down on extremists and hate group accounts. However, I love this app and how much editing capabilities it has. 4.5.
Best app but sometimes it's slow
Awesome!
Best app but sometimes it's slow
Awesome!
I love this app... it is an great experience with meeting new friends outside your world... you should totally get this app❤️❤️
The only disadvantage of it is that it takes up so much time. Deleting it is buying time
Pretty much addicted to IG 😍
So good
Çok güzel
It's good because I can do COOL stuff
Its a very good app
This is a perfect social web
Awsome
Its good
Meme
I like it
I love tis app
It's amazing
Mindblowing
App
Good
Nice
The new updates make me lost my accounts. I have two accounts with connected email, and both active. But, tonight it all logged out. One can logged in using facebook connection, the other can logged in too, but it keep ask me for email verification. When I entered the six digit number they send in my email, the app keep refreshing and back to log in screen. I've tried many times but stil can't log in to my account. I'm sure I have entered the right code they send to my email. Please fix it.
I think you need more editing options and the picture could have more options than just pole rod and a slight stretch, what if I want to show the entire picture and it's landscape? Or extremely tall? You need more options definitely. Other than that it's good. Also if possible do things on time order, if I post an hour after my last post it should show who's posted between then and not just cluster my posts together.
Favourite app, except its not even letting me log into my account anymore. Please fix this asap! I've been uninstalling and installing the app a number of times now and nothing seems to be working. It just appears to be loading for a long time and then says server error. It's definitely not a problem with my connection as all other apps are working fine.
I am absolutely head over heels for this app! It allows you to take the time to admire the work that others made. Even something funny to laugh at when you just can't force a smile! I feel like pictures are getting painted in my mind when I look at the artwork here. It also updates us on things like new movies, restaurants, and excedera. I only wish that we could make it into a studio where people can go in real life to create magazines featuring quotes and other things. I love Instagram!
I actually really like editing photos on here.. So glad they added the save draft option! And tilt shift finally works (galaxy s6)!! It'd be cool if we had the option to hide previous posts/ make private without deleting. Or if we could shift around our pics in any order
I think it's a great social app by far, for viewing photos from all around the globe. Especially the recent Ig story addition, I think it has easily becomed the topic in our daily conversations if you're actively social? Perhaps, the one that you can upload multiple photos at one go - can each photo be set with different effects instead of the same one for all haha! Peace!
Update: ***No feed since update and last update caused feed to display randomly and not newest first. Will return to 4* once this is fixed and 5* if you fix the cropping of portrait images!*** Would give 5 stars if I didn't have to crop portrait photos. Losing either the top or bottom of an image totally destroys the context sometimes and is seriously annoying to have to retake photos or edit elsewhere just so you can display what you actually wanted to in the first place. Landscape can show the full image so why not portrait? Other than this though, great app.
For heavens sake, please stop automatically refreshing​ the feed in the middle before a person finishes reading the entire feed and reaches the point where he last left. Right now It's extremely irritating as I have to read​ the new and refreshed feed all over again from the first to the point where I last left. And provide a button for refreshing the feed. Don't do it automatically.
It's great and all, but for some odd reason, I am unable to upload any videos. It uploads to more than halfway, but it drops back to half. My internet connection is pretty stable, and I keep instagram up to date. Please do take the time to fix! You guys are doing a great job! Thanks a bunch! ✨
really wish there was a way to sort my feed by newest first instead of having the content randomly arranged. I only follow a few friends and I keep missing things they post becase the feed is so disorganized and it makes me really reluctant to follow new people because I know that'll only make it harder to see all the new images in my feed. it almost makes the follow feature worthless.
I used to use IG to follow my idols. I installed in my new phone and I uploaded a lot of videos yesterday then deleted them. But after trying to post an album last night, it wouldn't upload. I also deleted a pic that was a part of that album in my gallery so I knew it definitely wouldn't work and I canceled the upload. Today I recording something and it still isn't uploading! If I reinstall the app, would I lose my recording? It hasn't backed up in my gallery yet. It's been hours.
Revising my rating. This last week, i was dm 3 people then for some reason i cannot anymore. Ig just freezez up and shuts down. I have reported it over 5 times but no help or response. Also hate the way my feed is not in order. Fix these issues and i will change my reading back to 5 stars
Feed organization is horrible. Either change it back to newest first, or give us the option to list our own feeds by either most popular or newest. Also, why does the tilt shift edit function not work at all now? EDIT: A year later and none of these issues have been fixed or even addressed. Because the feed STILL doesn't operate chronologically, I keep seeing posts I saw two days ago. Or a Coachella post from a week ago. I know I'm not the only one with this complain. FIX IT.
