youtube is life i wish they can keep the vid or music playing even if i backed out of the app

Newest update is so bad and lags so much Youtube developers dont care about The bugs as it is so much famous now it is pure useless I had been updating the youtube whenever the new update comes up but during watching video it lag Samsung E7 lollipop 2gb ram

There's a problem I'm having atm, I'm using a HTC one M8s, and the app won't open, it just crashes straight away, I've tried restarting my phone but it didn't fix it. Please fix it I need to be watching my fair share of YouTube a day.

Great app too bad they're censoring ny demonitizing YouTube going down the tubes because of censorship sub nom

Can't sign into my YouTube account because they say my internet connection is bad even though it had full bars (I own 2 same phones and it seems that one of them just don't work)

Quite honestly, I can't live without YouTube. Watch KBS World TV & Arirang TV daily. Works well on Samsung Galaxy Note, Google Pixel C and Sony XBR Android TV.

Latest update ruin the recommended videos I had in my home tab, updates supposed to give better experience.

Problem with the network 503 everytime i click subscribe, last two updates havnt fixed it.

I want to be able to skip every ad, not have to sit through the whole thing just to listen or watch what I want.

It very useful &easy to use know about unknown matters it's very important in morden lifestyle

Only if I could play videos in the background even if the app was minimised. I would give it a 5..

There shoud b a downloading option too. So we may download videos of our choice.

You need to vet the videos. Some are NOT suitable for kids. V angry

Make an update for saving offline videos to gallery. That would be great.

Great streaming app! It can makes me happy everywhere!!

It's gr8 & excellent, I ❤ it. I can watch lots of anime episodes, or movies, especially like Clannad & Hotarubi No Mori E. ❤😥🔮💦

spend all day on this it is the best app in the world

You tube is the best for everything you want . Best channels and many more

Very good

It's getting some loading issue In moto g 3

Worked great... But the last update was bad... Doesnt load videos properly

It's barely usable. Constant freezing whenever ads load or screen rotates so that app requires restarting over and over. Often the videos don't show at all so that the screen is black and there's only audio. Better off ditching this app and just using the browser. Edit: New version--Still terrible :(

App implementation on my tablet has too many problems​ as compared to phone.... Also what's with all the new permissions​. At least provide an explanation

Can hear sound but screen has gone black. 5 bars of signal or switch to 10mb wifi. Plenty of bandwidth. Cleared cache, uninstalled and reinstalled later update. Any news what gives? Android 6.1 on motox

ts good but most time the video screen turns black and only the audio works and it kicks me off the app and google YouTube won't work either so you've made YouTube the .most useless app ever 😣