Best game ever.its more amazing than Minecraft. im addicted already.I'm level 45 and I am almost at th8.this game has good strategy and it can make you not boring.I always play with it.it can make you happy.DOWNLOAD this app immediately.I'm sure you'll love it.you'll win epic battles with the troops from the barracks and the dark barracks.you can watch the trailer in the top or in you tube.thank you supercell for making hay day,boom beach and especially clash of clans/COC.thanks

Good but improvements Next update put in some more troops and a upgrade all walls button so you don't have to go through all of the process

Best Mobile Game Don't Listen To The Noobs That Say Farming Is Dead Because They Took Out TH Sniping. Cause TH Sniping Is Not Farming. Farming Is Raiding For Resources. They Removed TH Sniping Because It Had No Strategy Into It.

Love it I love this game it makes u use or mind and creativity but plz put an update that u can request loot in clan castle and search up who u want to attack not at random

Addicting! Have had no issues with this app. Just switched phones yesterday and signed in and all progress was there. Fun & Addicting!

Perfect Awesome game and worth 5 stars.. totally addicting.. nice animations and eats very less data and works on even slow internet connection.. love it.. 😍

I think clash of clans have to add private messages.. why not? And upgrade the graphics.. please?

Good mission game for future defense...its help us on defense anyone....

I love it This game is good, i play with my friend and build clan together. Im Indonesian and i like this game

I don't know what I do.. The coc is si many update my cp is full storages I can't update my cp so I delete my coc and make other acc because of that coc updates....? PLEASE DONT UPDATE LSST UPDATE IS IN CHRISTMAS SEASON....!!!

It's very interesting game

It's beast I love it I have been playing it for 1 year I have deleted it a Couple of times

Addictive game sooo good can't describe in words

Game is really cool but can u please make a PC version of it like for windows 8 or for 7 in 3D version that's going to be awesome please think about it

This game is beautiful and i enjoy this game

i love it..this game is much interesting

EXCELLENT GAME!!!

This game is sooooo wonderful

It's a time killer Before the update.. barracks was nice Now only in one barracks ask the troops is training,it takes so much time

My village wont load after l logged out to use my secondary account, but when l tried to re-login, l am seeing my primary account, but each time I select my account the connect button keeps red without displaying the confirmation screen. I tried to install it to my latest Note S7Edge, but the issue remains as of my two machines. I spent monies on this lost village, and l requested support from from the game setting: Contact Us, for a number of times and l got no clear answer from SUPERCELL Team.

I don't know if it would be a good a suggestion but I would like to have some easier way to collect all resources at once from the mines and elixir collectors, maybe a button(?) Also, the resources are a really challenge to gather when in TH7... That is, sometimes very hard because you get raided by higher rank players that go to lower rank leagues to farm. -_- Other than that, great game you got here... Have been playing it for a long time

Dear team, please i am in th9 and a 1+ year old player. We all was Waiting for the great update of th11. So it could be more exciting to spend our time upon this game. After this upgrade, what i feel is like we need to upgrade our some stuff also. For example -: 1- i should have a device like 2gb ram and 4gb rom or more. 2- my sim provider has to enabled with 4G . and 3 - players need to be use data pack in high range. So 3g is no more workable for coc now. My humble request to fix this issue in asap.

Actually the game made me an addict, I couldn't stop playing but still there are some minor problems like the graphics dude its 2018, make it A GTA Like graphics or better then the troops and building time, our dog didn't make it just to see that I reached Th9, please.... and one more thing I LOVE THIS GAME MORE THAN ANYONE ELSE!!!!! Oh yeah last thing tue cost and the gems please give us lessmexpenses and more gems!!!

This makes everyone a huge amount of fun. IT'S Like you're in a village with citizens doing their businesses. Its like the game Clash Royale,similar characters. THOUGH I give it a four star rating because the time it takes to upgrade it's fricken taking a long time.They should take a few hours,seconds,and minutes,not long hours time or Days.Still I like it.🚩🚩💀💀🛡🛡🏹🏹⛏⛏🗡🗡♔

Hey supercell! I love clash of clans and clash royale. I'm th9 and still loving this game. Making a few suggestion's, 1. If you guys can add a night time mode. 2. Add new troops and building, there's a lot off troops (cards) in clash royale that isn't in clash off clans. 3. An option to choose which loot to choose in the clan castle treasury. And lastly clan battle tournaments. Think about it please. Thanks for making great games!

This game is awesome, haven't found a phone game half as good. Also don't agree with previous comment. The building time on upgrades is all part of the game. Besides there's nothing better than capitalizing on someone building an important defense. Example: Inferno Tower, Wizzie Tower, XBow, AD, or a few giant bombs for when ya hoggin out. Loving the new upgrades and events. only wish they can add more trooops from Royale like guards spear goblins or fire spirits.

Hi I really like this game very much but I think some new things should be there in new update like 1. If we can use 2 builders on one building by which time would be less 2. Most important one There should be builder bost by gold not by gems 3. You should keep events of small troops or spells like giant , goblin, lightning spell .so lower players would also have Fun with events and enjoy. 4.there should be clone apps which would attack on friendly challenge only. Thanks, think about it would be awsome of there this changes then it have more fun to play. Thanks

Hi I really like this game very much but I think some new things should be there in new update like 1. If we can use 2 builders on one building by which time would be less 2. Most important one There should be builder bost by gold not by gems 3. You should keep events of small troops or spells like giant , goblin, lightning spell .so lower players would also have Fun with events and enjoy. 4.there should be clone apps which would attack on friendly challenge only. Thanks, think about it would be awsome of there this changes then it have more fun to play. Thanks

I love Clash of Clans. Best game ever. My only complaints are that I wish that there were clan tournments like clan wars but in tournments with other clans. Also at night time I want the village to go dark out at night which would be so cool It would be cool if you visited someones base it tells you if they are on or not. And I wish that every 24 hours you could spin a wheel that you can get like loot, trophies, or gems.THX supercell best game ever.

It would be really nice of you guys could add an option of adding more than one builder to a single building for updating it so that it could take less time to update it,for eg: if it takes 6 days to update a level 10 gold mine to level 11 with one builder by adding 1 more builder to work the time would reduce to 3 days. Specially after TH 8 as after TH 8 it takes hell of a time to update things. I am pretty sure everyone playing this game would love to have such an option.

I love this game. Am crazy about it and I like everything about it, but have a small unsatisfaction regarding the latest modifications in friendly challenge. As now I can't challenge for a base for 1 whole day after making some modifications in it. Usually I used it to check my bases and modify it for war, but if that can't be done then what is the use of it. Please rectify it, I liked the way it was before. For all else am fully satisfied. Hope that you guys will make clear this issue

I absolutely love this game. Ive been playing for years. I met so many great people. The only reason i gave it 3 stars is because when ever you loose internet connection when your in the middle of a battle, thats it for you. You cant log back in right away and finish the attack. You pretty much loose what ever army you deployed... Now this is even worst on a war attack... Other then this i love the game... Their always adding new stuff but if you guys can fix this you guys would be so awesome!!!

Dear, Supercell Can U please Make building time just a little bit shorter some people get bored and dont know what to do while they're waiting. But either way you always make updates to make ur game more exciting and fun. U can probably add a bomber from clash royale or a bandit would be cool in supercell.Thank You Supercell!

Respected supercell team me appreciate your hard work on this game. really the game is amazing and and you also fix the bugs that we mention in reviews. their is another concern related to game. isn't​ possible that we can see online players in clan. like a green signal that indicate ,player is online right now and red signal for player is offline. please give this great update​. else your game is awesome and i have no words... tremendous battle 👌👌👌👌

I love CoC (max TH9) but I haven't been playing for a while now. While the game is great and I know it's doing ok within the hardcore community, it's undeniable that it has gone a bit stale. A solid update is needed to freshen it up for everyone, not just endgame players. Changes that are not just balancing and can be accessible and enjoyable for majority of TH levels. I really hope the Shipwreck update, if it does come, hits the spot.

This game have a nice place at the 1st. But u kill it u make it hard. You remove the TH hunt the loot cant coop to the upgrade of the (Walls) u gonna see loot 300k but the upgrade pf the wall is 3m? Per wall. See thats the prob. So many of the player lose the fire to play. U kill a good game. But its your game your rules. Well done.

Tying to update to new phone is nearly impossible. It's probably easier to start a new account. I wanted to put account a from tablet a onto phone c and account b from phone b onto tablet a. I know it should be easier then it was and in the end I managed to get account a onto phone c and left account b on phone 1 which now lives in a drawer never to be used again. I know I could contact support or many other options but things like this which are linked with google plus as well as google play should be automatic. Like I put my details in the new device and once in game I find that I have to start over.

It is an awesome game. But there can be modifications like 1. we should be able to chat with our friends 2. if a person is taking part in a war he/she should not be allowed to leave the clan or atleast not join the other clan and then return to his own clan. let me give an example, there was a guy he joined my clan took donations and left after sometime we realised that he was a member of the opponent clan. Thanks

Hey SuperCell, great job guys. I'm a big fan of COC and a player of multiple accounts. I'm here to request u some interesting thing. Your previous bigest update was Friendly Battle, that is awesome, and now humbly requesting you for Friendly Clan War concept, I have a big friend circle of COC players with different clans. We want real fight battle for clans. Think about it SuperCell, I hope it will be more interesting concept in COC i have ever seen. Thank u all guys....

Such a good game......whatever u guys make is like a electronic paradise. The only suggestion is that lots of people (including me) can never get any gems. I have tried saving up but that took me 2 months. I know, its only to balance the game, but if u could make gem collection easier that would be great! Thx! -redmadster

Because of the latest update of Christmas the graphics have become unclear when we zoom.And i have some improvement plans 1.please reduce the spell brewing time.launch another spell factory or reduce the time when we upgrade it. 2.reduce the capacity of dragon,let it be 15. 3.We must be able to see who is active and who isnt. But still its awesome And one more 4.We must be able to play the game even in lower compatible devices like gingerbread version.

I loved the game. Its awesome. But there are some things that I would like in an update. First is being able to donate resources and gems. We should also be able to add builders onto a peoject in order to divide the time left. Also if there were a way to convert between different resources. If there were something like a resource converter. It'd also be good to be anle to donatr heroes. Like you donate the barb king for 15 capacity and then your king dies. The queen could be worth 10 space and the warden 25.Lastly if there was a way to tell how long someone has been offline like in Clash of Lords. It makes it easier to

Very nice game everyone must play it let me tell u may story I started playing this game few months back and i lost my phn and my village too. it was dumb of me i did not synced my village with google plus and i lost my whole village with 4 builders i was very sad then i downloaded this game again and write to supercell and guess what i got my village back with in 1 day guys. Thanks supercel team loved your quick response.

Very fun and perfect. No other game is as addicting as this. You make it easy in the beginning and when you get far you can't just let go of what you accomplished. It also helps different types of players to interact too. These can help out a lot when it comes to gameplay. Well done super cell. Can't wait what your going to do with coc in the future. :) the only thing I wish was different is I want more stuff to spend elixir on. I try to upgrade walls and I don't have enough gold, meanwhile I have a crap load of elixir and can't do anything with it.

Awesome game. Perfect for people who like and want good game. In this game we have to make our own strategies and bases. We can attack bases of others. We even have to make a good defence. The only one question I would like to ask to Supercell is how can we get free and unlimited gems without paying any money. If there is a way other than hardwork, any app or a website please please please please tell me.

I am playing this game one year and I didn't maxed th9 xD . I need to see than night time of the village plzz think about it and there are many cards in clash Royale. we like to see some troosps in clash of clans its will be so cool(Bandit,otherness cards). XD. Thanks for the good game and ✌✌👌👌😀😀 peace

I love this game. I would just like to ask why you do not have a few things that i think would be a good idea. I was thinking why not have like a storage to hold gems. Or like the gold mine have it come out with like one gem every now and then. I was also wondering if you'll have thought of adding a gold or elixer donating feature for clan members. I would love to be able to help out my clan mates when they need help upgrading.

Please it just a request.I play alone this game my townhall is 7 but starting the townhall 8 my village become dark graphics.not only my every one who playin coc.please can you change graphics of the bildings and troops in the next update please because i want to play this game alone in my lifetime. I hope your'r read this massege and you'r answer to me.I LOVE COC

I love this game but I have a few ideas for a new update: I think that you should be able to boost the building speed of builder huts for gems for a short period( I.e. maybe two or three hours) , I also think that you should add more walls for town hall 11 I always feel like there's not enough whenever I'm editing my base layout. And lastly I think that in a new update you should add better graphics while attacking.

Awesome gameplay All the things are nicely balanced with the passage of time with new upgrades. What I want is that new clan perks should be added from clan level 11 onwards and a hero is a must like goblin warrior or dragon devil so as to th10 and th11 players could also get 3 stars more probably. BTW nice work supercell.

Two weeks to game quit loading I want to start it reinstalled connected to WiFi different Wi-Fi's mobile connection still will not load had to gain for years and now it don't want to work it has been two months still no change im lucky if it loads once a week what happened Supercell? It used to be a fun game.

Love This Game ... Been Playing it For 4 years... I wish we could have like a special Flag on the field of the year we started playing... that way.. We know the difference between experienced and people who buy gems... lol... would be cool if we could have birds flying around... New goblin stories.... and more decorations like fountains and more statues... Also ... If the king and Queen could have thrones ... rather then a block to sleep on... and if we could have the option to move trees and other stuffb that grow on the field but we have to pay every time we move it...... and we also need more base slot layouts....

Horrible company that just after your money. Customer care will not read your concerns, and will copy/paste any response they will send. Game is not designed to be fare. Only to reward those who are willing to pay them lots of money. There are lots of good strategy games. DON'T WASTE TIME ON THIS ONE!

Love the game. Ive been playing for over three years and still am on every day. I dont like the look of the air defenses but the other graphics are great. And i absolutely love the inclusion of events.like most players i think walls are too expensive and i think as a former TH8 (I'M TH9 now) that elixir should be able to be used at TH8. as always new troops and defenses and spells are awesome but i respect the work it takes to implement all of those without bugs. All in all KEEP UP THE GREAT WORK COC TEAM!

To be honest, i just want the clan to get big enough to start a clanwar. If you loose a battle in cw who cares well do another one. So if you read this and don't want a clan full of those "2:1 donation rate" peeps join us. Youll get basic troops (6star barbs and archers and maybe if youre lucky something better). So join FBIA. Only for players who just play this game for fun and not for life. ✌

I believed the game is awesome. What would be even cooler is if it did have offline mode. Also what would make. The game easier is if u make like a gem collector like it makes gems. I would say like 200 gems a hour and if you upgrade it u can earn more when u upgrade. My name is little big man on clash. Shout out to all clashers I hope the best. Plz try out my idea if you don't like it you dont have to do it.

Ya its a wonderful , amazing game which i s that everyone wants as a game but graphics are not so clear but they are not bad also if I pick out graphics its the best game ever seen in the world this game is time killer. Beat your friends like these things are very good in this. Friends can make their own clan and attack on enemy . if you are going to download it please join my caln CLASH MANIA!!! OK bye . wait for my next review .☺

A AWESOME GAME EVER PLAYED ..I AM A PLAYER OF MULTIPLE ACCOUNT. I WANT TO GIVE ONE SUGGESTION THAT IN CLAN ONLY LEADER CAN KICK OUT ANYONE PLZ MAKE TANDRIDGE IMPROVE THE LEVEL OF TROOPS ON CLAN LVL 3

I think Clash of Clans is an incredibly well rounded game. Just got to stick with it. Find a good clan, get involved. Good game for a strategist. Especially the Clan War part. I would definitely recommend the download. And that you stick with it. Even if it seems to get slow. Also, I've been playing for 2. Years, it doesn't have to be a "Pay to Play". Just play it :)

Hi, team. This is the only game which I have been playing since last three years and I love this game so much. But I want to give a suggestion can you update one thing in coc. Means when we select our town hall then it should gives us a option to move our whole base so that we can move our base.... Plzzzzz...

The game is wonderful, the game is superb also. Love the control and everything but I personally think troop shouldn't be expended after a battle. It makes the kinda frustrating. Loosing all your troops, not everyone can build troop up so fast. But aside from the. You guys did a great job😉

EVERYONE SHOULD HAVE THIS GAME IN THEIR DEVICES!! One of the best 🙌🙌👌👌👌games I've played on a mobile device!!! Everything is just perfect! I Love the graphics, the way everything is cute but aggressive. I'm addicted. One problem though.. if you'd add more ways to purchase the gems.. for instance mobile money, that would be perfect.

It is okay. I mean, everything is good and all, and it's addicting. Though the graphics could be better, and maybe need some newer troops that Royale does NOT have. Other than that, I am a pure Clasher at heart. Also please add the Israel flag for a decoration. I am part jewish so I want to put the flag of the Promised Land on my Clash base.#OriginalClash #JewishClasher

Awesome game.never thought a mobile game gonna hook me day and night for months. Playing for over nine months, can call my self a semi pro in this game. Love the new events system.no complaints so far keep up the good work supercell👍👍👍

clash of clans is the best game . coc give us pleasure .coc well

Awesome game everyone one should try it atleast one ,no need of money for it everything about this game is just awesome:)

It's super fun and it was my favorite game I have ever played

Just Got Back Into The Swing Of The Game, And I Remember How Fun It Was Already, But I Havent Opened The App In About 6 Months Or So lol

I think we might want to fight our friends with agreement of both to compare whose better try to give that option many people might like to war between them instead of unknown people

It's a excellent game over all but I have been playing for over six months and I still have 3 town halls levels to go wish it didn't take so long to build

Best game ever made
Was slow but now events and special offers make it exciting
I love Clash Of Clans, It's my favorite app of all time. And its constantly getting better so you guys never let me down with the new updates.
To much time to gain any resources. With new matchmaking system I can't attack anyone because every match the opponent is way out of my league
Love the game play but the sound keeps randomly going out. I'm not sure why, would be nice if that got fixed though.
Amazing.
Fun but slow sometimes
Its a fun clean game. The only reason I give it 4 stars is because after so long it takes weeks to upgrade villages and weapons... Takes forever!!! But very fun game, you will spend your money
Can't put my phone down......
This is a very fun and addictive game to play, I could just play this all day but please can you make so when I upgrade or build something it doesn't cost a lot of gems? Thank you and this a really good game.
لعبه جميله ولا التطويرات حطّمته
The new update is horrible, not worth playing. Would give no stars if it were possible.
Still a solid app with a great dev team. Constant patches and fixes, as well as frequent additions or updates. Great time waster. Only thing is I hate the business model but what can ya do.
I love clash of clans and I always have. This game never fails to appeal to teens. I'm much closer with many guys in my grade now through this game, and warring is part of our culture. One thing I do suggest is having an option to download replays to the camera roll. Thanks so much
It's a fun game but as you level everything becomes so expensive. The only was to level up is to pay for gems, it turns into a pay to win game.
I have been playing this game for a while now and now my friends started playing and I want to be where they are.I just want to start over resetting my account but Clash Royal doesn't have that implemented in it yet.
So, I love this game, let's get that out of the way. I play it a lot and I recently got a new phone. However, my account won't sync over to my new phone so I now have to completely restart my account.
Love this game
Amazing
Unless you are spending serious money on Gems, then this game is no longer that good after TH9. I've been TH10 for this past year and this game is just pushing more and more to use gems. I have never bought gems and don't intend to. Bye Supercell. ✌🏽️
THIS GAME IS ABSOLUTELY THE MOST FUN I HAVE EVER HAD PLAYING A GAME AND ALL OTHER SUPERCELL GAMES THIS IS A GREAT COMPANY THIS GAME IS PLAYED BY MOSTLY EVERYONE I SEE AND HOPEFULLY WILL CONTINUE TO BE FOR A WHILE LONGER!
Doin this for 10k gold and 10k elixir
Good customer service
"MANY TOP PLAYERS ARE CHEATERS OR HACKERS, 200  SUCCESSFULL ATTACKS ON SOME OF THE TOP PLAYERS BASES WITH 2 BILLION IN STOLEN GOLD IS SIMPLY IMPOSSIBLE. THESE PLAYERS ARE CLEARLY CHEATING AND THEY DO NOT CARE. MULTIPLE TOP CLANS AND PLAYERS HAVE THE EXACT THE SAME BASE LAYOUT BECAUSE THEY COPIED THE BASES WITH A THIRD PARTY  APPLICATION. THEY DONT CARE ABOUT CHEATERS , THEY DO ABSOLUTELY NOTHING. WHY THEY MADE CLASH ROYAL TO  FIX MORE MATCHES . THE GAME IS JOKE , AND A PILE  OF SHITZEL

They do absolutely nothing about cheaters, they refuse to answer questions they just delete them. They intentionally program  the game so you loose, they intentionally pick players that will almost always  win against your base.  Ie MAX HEROES, if you do not attack other bases  when you log in.. Players with  7 plus million stolen  dark elixir  are  generally cheaters , the odds of finding 11 million dark elixir with 4000 matches is absolutely ridiculous . Two billion gold stolen with 3200 matches absolutely ridiculous . They do absolutely nothing about the impracticable of stealing such large amounts of resources they simple dont care and do absolutely nothing .  They send a standard response in in game message, and refuse to specifically respond they just delete the questions..
They intentionally want players to loose why  they allow players with max heroes to repeatedly be matched against lower level players , because  they will win . Against your base.. They could program the game not to allow it , but they will not..t

They say  that bases are not allowed  to be attacked if the players do not log in after so long. That is LIE MULTIPLE players in the clan stoped playing over a month ago , yet the bases are still getting attacked absolutely ridiculous.

They have manipulated  the training and it is absolutely ridiculous and appalling it takes three times as long to train troops if you had 6 barracks. The troops takes 4x as long to train.   The new training is absolutely ridiculous.  AND A ABSOLUTE SCAM
They simply dont care"
I love this game!!!!!!
So pay to win I hate it and it is an awful piece of garbage
Great game playing since 2014 😍😍😍😍😘😘😘😘😘😀😀😀😀
Lol
Love it and am fully addicted to it
Never get tired of playing this game. All of my friends play it. Recommend it for sure!
Thank you
Good game and fun to play
This is the best game. The only game I really play the most. Been hearing about the new update coming up soon. Can't wait. Y'all guys are doing great, keep up the good work guys.👍🏻🙂
I have a loaded game it does not work idk y
So I was playing and I it logged me out of the game so I just clicked on it again (no biggie right ... WRONG) I went back in and everything was gone ... so I Contacted the help and support person in settings and u know what they did .... nothing ... I told them my problem never got back to me and has been 2 days !!! DONT DOWNLOAD THIS APP!! Don't get addicted like I did and then just to get it deleted u will be very disappointed !
I love the game and you can attack other people online you make your own village the games is great I suggest you get it!😜😜😜😜😜😜😜😜😜
Great game, fair and challenging.
Could you please add an event to the list!! Discounted walls like 90% would be great!!!!!!
Started a clan at my job and it's pretty fun when you're fighting against people
While an extremely time consuming game many friends tried to talk me into I just didn't see the appeal. However once I started playing and building my armies, defenses, and town, I began to see the appeal. The constant attacks on your base by other players encourages strategy and new thought processes as to how to keep your base from getting defeated. 10 out of 10 - I will most definitely keep playing.
Best game ever
I give thanks to super cell for getting my lost village back
This game is really fun and easy to play.
You need to add the secret server to the game so we can have fun people at my school don't play it but me and I just want to have more fun in the game and I can't get any farther in the game unless I spend hours on it because of raids. If you don't add this it's fine but it would be better. Thank you!
I am a TH9 in champions league 3. I expect to be three stared when attacked, but not to lose 30 trophies to a maxed TH10 or 11. I get these to attack and can only when 8-16 trophies against the same opponents. This is a huge flaw in this game that needs to be fixed!!! Also add some goblin more goblin bases to when DE!
Love this game
The title says it all
I've loved this game since 2012 or so back when me and all my buddies would play it during high school. Recently I re-downloaded it and it's just as fun now as when I was a 14 year old lol. Plus they've done a nice job expanding out the features and keeping it fresh and engaging. Definitive must have.
Good
This game is so fun when I go to school me and my friends just want to bring our phones and play all day
WISE MARKETING PLOY! Open your eyes ! Once was a good game for both adults and kids.Th11 and every sad update since ended it, slowly going down hill.BALANCE is gone game play is gone no longer fun or enjoyable. Cheesy eagle defense and Warden,BABY DRAG,MINER,BOWLER, all don't fit just slapped in no thought ! In fact the entire th11 theme is ugly. They are squeezing every cent out of game updates with new levels so people spend cash to once again max out base has nothing to do with balancing out game. This will continue until people stop spending. loot cart come on dump it.Barracks training all in one now and barracks boost 30gems then dump the other 3 barracks no need for them or let them train as they did before and spell boost 10 gems! How many ways to profit.Price reduction on walls King and queen and other defense's is pathetic and a smack in the face to long time players. GAME PLAY controlled by supercell ! now childish kids girls and boys asking for fb or kik etc to exchange pictures! Game went down hill it turned like all there other games all the same. FOOLS KEEP SPENDING your so far up there butt you are blinded by there crap.
Lots of fun.
This app is worth a 6 star game. I love this game so much and anyone wanting to build up a tiny city and defend it against real time players should download this app. One problem that it lacks for now as I type this is a bug issue. Every time I join a game and play up, it freezes and lags out. Then when I re open it, it keeps doing that again and again. Please fix this issue or is it just me.
I love this game!! Never want to stop playing it!
Games pretty exciting really like playing it!
I've Had and Played Clash of Clans for almost 4 years now. And I'm still not tired of it. Great Game!! And Continues to Update and Keeps the Game interesting.
Game is addictive always runs smooth just need more updates
One thing is for sure, this is a great game. All I'm requesting is that we need another opportunity of changing our names. I want a different name cause mine is bad. Also, can you shorten some upgrades, cause they take too long.
It's such a great game but u guys should have an ice wizard event again
Good
Addictive!
Amazing game. Can't wait for the "massive update" coming!!
I used to play clash of clans on android but I can't transfer my account to my iPhone because it says that I can't transfer because my town hall is lvl 4
Awesome game! This is the only game I play on my phone. Definitely helps me get through the day! Please don't ever take this server down!!
Addicting!!
Bad customer service
I LOVE THIS GAME. I probably play it too much but I love it
It's a fun game and I enjoy it!
Make a wall buy half off event!!
I don't know how I'm going to be able to stop playing this game
I've been off and on for a few years. But generally, it's a good game. The only thing is building takes a little long. And having to have a builder for walls is unnecessary. But other than that. It's good.
You must make the game less fun and/or limit game play time. This is evil and will bring the end of civilization as we know it.
The old matchmaking algorithm was good because it didn't exist. You were randomly matched up with players within your league and it would have been fine but with the advent of farming and town hall sniping somthing had to be done but isn't the challenge of moving up a league being strategically superior and having a better base and army? Not anymore, instead you're matched up based on your town hall. Leagues are supposed to have a natural selection aspect to them, but because you're matched up against players with town halls the same as you, always you could be crystal 3 but th lvl 6. It hasn't fixed much and it makes it almost as bad as th sniping. The weak should be weeded out in higher leagues but they are not. It doesn't fix a whole lot.
You can play with friends or join a clan all the fun of a army simulator but with an enchanted twist.
Fun
Very addicting and fun game. Love the strategies involved 👍
Best app game all time
It's a very good game but the problem needs to be fixed it is very annoying it is not my fault I don't get attacked often
fun to play
I been trying to upgrade but won't do it!!! Plus I can't play really!?!!
Best game ever
This is a great game and I love it... the only thing I hate is build time when you get up to a higher level. Like over a week to upgrade something is ridiculous
Good game
The best
Great game
The game is fantastic and I play it all the time. I check up on it about 3-5 times a day to collect resources and do a few raids. But, I hate one thing. I get lots of gold a lot of the time, and use it to upgrade elixir collectors and use my elixir to upgrade troops and gold mines. BUT. When I want to upgrade a few walls so that my gold isn't super high so that I don't draw a lot of attention, but my builders are all used at the moment, I can't do it. It is EXTREMELY infuriating as walls take 0 time to upgrade literally, and it's annoying to have the decision to wait and possibly lose a lot of gold and/or elixir because you had too much and attracted someone, or you pay gems to speed up your upgrades which usually is not worth it later on as skipping upgrade times is almost 500 gems which is an ASTRONOMICAL amount.
I have been playing it for years, and it's a really great app. You don't have to buy gems to really have fun with it and get a good base, and it's a really fun and addicting game. I highly suggest this if you're looking for a game that'll entertain you for years.
Everything's fine with me on this game
It's so fun and good would play FOREVER!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Clash of clans is an awesome game. You do not have to make in app purchases in order to become good. Build your village at your own pace. Fantastic balance and great overall game. However, I would like to see a new feature soon. The game is becoming a little repetitive for those of us playing for a while. It would be awesome to have a huge update, like the Clan Wars update and the new hero update back in the day. The game would be even better than it is right now. But those considering getting the game you definitely should. Thanks!
I love this game it's addicting and very fun
I need assistance with linking my coc account from android to iPhone(etc). Saying its minor problems but it's a great game(LI)
The game is fun but sometimes it is difficult, but I had to remove a star for long waits and the only way to skip them is to pay. But its overall a great game!
I can't delete the data I want To start over !!!!!!!
This game is GREAT! How could somebody not want it. People say this a lot but it's so addictive and fun. Thanks for making this game. Keep clashing 👍
Great
2099 I'm am and the greatest game in the world
Love it
💯💯💯💯
Fun again
Clash Of Clans Will Forever Be My Favorite App
Boom
Great game, love it, but the sound keeps going out
Best game ever
Hey that's pretty good
Good Game
Awesomeness
Good game
Horrible update, don't waste your time
Still Enjoyable
Downloading Attack Replays
Fun game been playing for years
Game Needs to Let Players Reset
Fun, but not with a new phone
Julio
Just amazing
Balled
Not fun anymore
BEST GAME ON THE APP STORE COULDNT BE BETTER
Fun
Good service
Update is terrible, HACKERS RIDDLE THE GAME
My favorite game
Awful game
Game is great
CraZy
THE BEST GAME IM PLAYING ON MY PHONE!!
I like it
Fun
Keep it up
My game is not opening
Deleted my whole game
بسیار عالی
Best game ever
Addicted to fun
Add event!!
Pretty fun game
Highly Addictive
Best games
Thanks a lot
Great Game
Can you add the secret server
Trophies
Great game
Best ever
Addicting and Entertaining
10/10
Wish I could put a million stars
MY ADVICE UNINSTALL
Great game.
Amazing!
Awesome!!!!!!!
Hookem
Best Phone Game Ever!!
Amazing
Great game.. Here are some Needs
Soooo good
Good
Excellent game!
Wow
Good game but one problem
Clash of Clans
This game is
So disappointed 🙁
Heaven
Fun
Events
Always
It's a good game
Too addicting
Bring back the old matchmaking algorithm
This app is amazing
Fun
Love this game
Best ever
Good Game still needs to be worked on
good game
I can't upgrade!!! What is going on????
Clash of clans
Great game
Nice
The best Game in the world
Dope
WALLS UPGRADES???!?!??
Great App
Awesome
COOL GAME
Great Game... But Changes Are Needed
Best game ever
Clash of Clans Account link(Android to IPhone)
So much fun!
So annoying
BEST GAME EVER !!!!!😀😀😀😀😀
Great
Great game from 2099
Great game
