Even after the latest update of 4/25, there is still the same problem of second last update. Newsfeed still does not get refreshed as of earlier updates. In my j7 (6) Facebook home page is not refreshed by swiping down. But profile page is refreshed by pulling down. I have to close the app and reopen it time and again for refreshing the newsfeed page. It's annoying and embarrassing. I hate it. Fix it as of earlier.

The latest update still has the issue of not being able to refresh the newsfeed without closing the app. You would think the developers would have read some of the review comments and fixed this by now. They also need to bring make the ability to make most recent a default option. It is frustrating to have comments be so out of order on people's posts.

Please stop messing with the UI, and adding new features nobody wants or asked for. I like my friend requests in their own tab, and want the ability to set my feed to "most recent" instead of seeing all the same posts I've been seeing for days already! Now, you add "direct" which nobody uses, because it's stupid. Also, the news feed doesn't load properly most of the time, so you have to keep refreshing it. Unsatisfactory Facebook...

Why do you bring me to the top of my news feed when I am still scrolling down and catching up on previous updates from friends. Disappointed as I am missing out on stories as the news feed keeps refreshing and resetting me back to the start. Also, fix the app's issue with freezing constantly please.

Again. Issue still persists after another update. Unable to move app. Insufficient space. My internal space is at 75% and my SD Card has 50GB of free space. The app is only 348MB space. Keeps getting the error. Already tried uninstalling and re-installing the app. Still the same. Uninstalled this and the messenger until they fix it. So far, after 2 months, they have not tried to fix the issue.

I have a fast tablet with 3gb of RAM, but the Facebook app has gotten to be such a RAM-hog that I can't even run it alone. It just stalls and crashes. All other apps and Facebook will come to a screeching halt if there are multiple apps open along with Facebook. Please offer a stripped down version. This just happened in April, 2017, so I know you know hows to fix it. Just fix it FFS.

120.0.0.18.72 is MESSED UP. When I use and then close Facebook, then look at my Recent Apps screen, I see what is SUPPOSED TO BE the Facebook icon. But in place of what SHOULD BE the Facebook icon, what I actually see is a thumbnail of my HTC One M7's left panel! (My "desktop" is arranged Left Panel, Center Panel--Home Page, and Right Panel.) That's messed up! Why is what SHOULD BE the Facebook icon, showing a thumbnail of what I have on my left panel!?? It makes me think Facebook is taking a "screen shot" of what I have on my phone's panels. Please fix that behavior! When I look at Recent Apps, I should see THE FACEBOOK ICON, not a screen grab of my phone's "desktop!" Send me an email, and I'll be happy to email you a pic of what I see on my Recent Apps screen!

Hi Facebook. Your latest updates were worst. My Facebook app always blinks when i am opening it. It's kind of irritating that the screen blinks. I have to wait for it to blink to avoid for me to be able to scroll my newsfeed free. Kindly fix this issue. Immediate response is highly appreciated.

I have uploaded an artistic photo of a woman that her breast are nearly exposed and you banned me...this is so ridiculous even greatest painters paint pictures of ladies who expose their breasts...you have to be shamed!!! I'm not uploading sexual photos but because of your ridiculous computing system i get banned and couldn't even defend myself!!! So rude of you !!!!!!

Really being tired of having my default automatically reset to this top stories crap, and are we really just never going to bring back the widget? If course, it's Facebook, so leave what people hate and get rid of what's popular. What was I thinking?

The app always crashes and has become a dead weight for more than week now. Updating to newest version and repeated reinstalling does not solve the problem. And this happens to ALL of my devices. What a crap.

I have to keep reinstalling it. This slow loading, closing self out is getting ridiculous. Use to not do anything until new updates. Please friggin fix this problem since im not only person complaining about it!

App feeds/notification area keeps getting worse FIRE the person that or people that think this is what we want go back to traditional notification feed. Continual scroll. And if I wanted to know if there's people I may know I'd go to the search area ugh! ??

Because of Facebook many relation has broken. There is no privacy in life any more. It's really addictive. Worst than street drugs. Human nature....love to boasting and that's why we are all using It.

Facebook, listen, we the people want "most recent" as the default opening page. Why aren't you listening? Get your heads out of your assess and comply with our demands regardless of whatever stupid reasons you've concocted as to why you think anyone gives a crap about old posts. WE DON'T!

I have a problem with the app...when i open the notifications its blue and when i open it, it turned white right! But its come blue and i have not open it and turned white without reading it! I want to know why?

HATE THE NEW UPDATES why are you adding *UPDATES NO ONE WANTS* its getting so bad to where it's almost in possible to use please fix with a update we all want and is useful-thanks

Eats up phone memory like crazy, sometimes spikes even more than 200 MB of RAM to lag my Nexus 6P. Beware that this app may be causing performance issues on your phone.

For the past few weeks I cannot turn off notifications for post on my app ( HTC1A ) and my husband has the same issue ( Samsung s6) this issue needs fixed . Also, I keep getting the notification that I have an unread message , which I do not! If facebook wasn't the only way I had of sharing things with my family , I'd deactivate it and delete it off my phone!

The damn app keeps freezing everyday about 3 times. I have to restart my whole phone to get it to work!!

Better bug fix. But Can you change browse image of Facebook like browse image like Messenger? When I want to post I hate browse my photos all, I like browsing images as albums. Thank you in advance.

Everytime, even if I turn off a post's notifications, I still get updates regarding that post. Same thing happens when I unfollow a friend, I still can see and get notified about what he/she shares. Please fix this bug asap.

same problem as before. updated the app, says i have 4 notifications and when i open the app there are no notifications after being logged out it says i still have 4 notifications

Every update you do is crap!!!! It makes the app run worse than before!!! The app stops working on my phone after each update...and it's not my phone as it's a brand new phone...so Facebook people or whoever does the updates....start listening to people who use your app and sort it out!

Last Update into Current Update: Problem I'm facing is that every time I close the app it sends my home screen with all my apps on it on a frenzy making switch to another home screen page. It's get very annoying and lags up the screen. Latest Update: I can't play videos in HD. Everytime I touch the HD button it thinks I'm pressing pause and play button. Notifications no longer work.

NOT WORKING - Last update needs to be FIXED!!! What good is it if the news feed or Friends posts won't load! Just an endless spinning icon ... even after update on 4-25 feeds are NOT WORKING! Facebook = FAIL!!!

Like the app, lots of options, sometimes the videos lag a bit and don't load correctly or you can watch them but they go for a bit then just stay loading forever!

S5 The app keeps freezing. I open the app and it loads fine but then it kinda "flashes" then freezes. I uninstalled and reinstalled yesterday 4/24/17 and it worked fine for an hour or two but now it's back to freezing up again.

New update(26th April) still buggy, appears greyed out when in background, crashes screen when pressing back to exit and most recent does not ever refresh.

(Samsung Galaxy S6) Since ur last update..I cannot refresh Top Stories/Most Recent and the Most Recent page will not load at all. Having to use desktop version. Pls fix!!!!

Now it's smoother to use than the previous update Great app.But Automatically reloading when I enters the FB app.I can't see the first persons post it's reloads and showing some other news feed. Please fix that.

I was good. But then it got an update and ever since, sometimes when I load it up on my phone, it freezes, and my freaking phone glitches out, and restarts.

It's a great app. It has just one problem, it consumes a lot of space in my phone especially in my phone's RAM and it causes my phone to slow down.

What did you do to this app?? Most Recent STILL WON'T LOAD!!! It shouldn't have to be that hard to keep it as MOST RECENT anyways because no one likes your stupid idea of Top Stories!!

Stop pushing useless features that irate. Also the app auto refreshes like crazy. You are way down in your feed and suddenly you are thrown at the top when the app refreshes. Total frustration. 1 star

I can't refresh my newsfeed by scrolling down (like I used to be able to). I can refresh the other screens (contacts, chats etc) but not the newsfeed !

For space problem, l opted for deleting messenger but unfortunately it is showing my what's app has been deleted. I am puzzled, please do something

Well I was happy 2 download the app but it only saying unfortunately Facebook has stopped.....plz look into day problem

Every time I get on it freezes then stops working. This new update has slowed it down and made it less reliable.

Marketplace quit showing description of products it says this item doesn't exist on every one I tap uninstalled and reinstalled still doing the same thing

Well I was happy 2 download the app but it only saying unfortunately Facebook has stopped.....plz look into day problem

Every time I get on it freezes then stops working. This new update has slowed it down and made it less reliable.

Marketplace quit showing description of products it says this item doesn't exist on every one I tap uninstalled and reinstalled still doing the same thing

Sir, pls. Try to tell me that ...Why do Facebook have to update every 10 to 15 days ? Sir, there is a loss of many of my net.data in it

Facebook is the best social media platform out there by a long ways! The app works great as well, and includes all the features I need. Thanks! :)

This app is turning out to be junk I can't view anything in the market place because its saying every item there an I mean every item is no longer available

Since update I go to use the for sale tab items come up I click on pictures and everything says this item is not available

Notifications is not showing probably. Even after reading all messages, notifications counter still shows unread counts. And it remains in the active applications always.

It is good. I wish that it had the same features across the board with other OS. Like Apple and some Androids do NOT have the same features. Samsung Galaxy S7 user

Videos won't load. You guys keep adding features and you can't do the most simple crap

The app closes as soon as I open it. Can't even use it after the update. Even had an additional update again and still the problem persists

It's one of the worst app... I haven't log in still it used 120 mb memory... Too much memory consumed...

Not a great app keeps needing updates. Scrolling down and it will bring you to top of news feed again.

Please add new version any friends name changed so notifications come to all those friends please

Each update messes it all up, it makes it slower and I can't see my notifications

Issue with reading the reply on comment section, it lags, not smooth and annoying, I have tried uninstalling it, clear cache, etc. still the same after the update, Please help.

to many ads and crap in my feed along with no option to turn off that pathetic market place crap too.

The new update sucks! I pressed the notification then suddenly stops responding.

The most recent feature has not been updating automatically the last few days

Why can't i see the emojis ppl comment with? I do not even know what they were. Just a blank box

FB is starting to add too many features. They are becoming to annoying. They need to stop adding

I was facing a problem with app i reported it but nobody even reply and still i have the same issue nobody cares

Total crap! I have to uninstall and reinstall it every now and then! Nothing is fixed by your constant updates!

Can no longer POST STATUS TO FRIENDS EXCEPT! I WANT TO BLOCK PEOPLE FROM CERTAIN POSTS!... also, Too many extra apps. Should be option to keep it simple.

A lot of features needs to be added. The app stops working most of the time.

Latest two updates are utterly rubbish!!! Trying to use the most recent thread list doesn't work!!! As much use as a cat flap in an elephant house!!!

Facebook is a great app... but the automatic video playback feature is really annoying.... Please remove this feature

If Facebook give. Me. Chance to increase my follower free i m very thankful to them

Videos keep freezing have to close and RE open app to stop sound

Thanks for the new update that made my account instantly be disabled....guess I'll be a ghost for the next 72hrs.

Cons: App size too big, ask for too many permissions, suggested and saves pop-up frequently. Pros: None.

What the hell why not give Release to refresh option new update is so bad

Why when I want to comment do the letters appear really big?

I can't login... it has my number and but the code says it doesn't work. Help please

UPDATE THEN BLOCKED FROM USING FEATU 4 4 DAY'S? HAVEN'T USED

I love it when it works! But, every day, at least twice, it doesn't respond or just stops running!

Why do i get notified for people posting there pictures. Too irritating.

Not able to locate my response to "What's on your mind?"

Keeps crashing, let's hope latest updates fix the black screen of death

Bring back the marketplace. I'm so bored with that. Every update the marketplace is missing. Useless.

Bring back the old version!! New is co bad..pnly lags.. bugs..

Stickers no longer posting...please please find a fix for commenting with a picture that allows us to choose the specific album...I have to scroll and scroll some more to find the pic i want to comment

Unnecessary things like videos and add are now disturb much more

Notifications not display properly And always run messenger app for chatting friends

I love it! Got in touch with family and friends and friends that I have not heard from in years thanks Facebook

Is it really so hard to add that damn camera to Facebook for Xperia XZ?

Often force close, very slow sobce last update!!!

Every so often I click on a picture and nothing happens. It locks my screen up like the picture is visible, but it's not there.

Why can't the app be moved to the SD card for better storage

Facebook is not responding' ALL the time - i give in.

I'm disappointed that I've been having a problem for days w the app freezing up

Now even after the update it still wont let me refresh my news feed. Plz fix

Since the past few updates can't view most recent feed on my Samsung phone or tablet!

I'm sick of these bloody updates. Please stop these Updates. Thank You

Love the new videos section update like on the youtube sub list love it

Market place saying all products no longer exists

Bug : when installed on new mobile it says can't connect when other apps are working fine

Crashing crashing crashing on Moto z force with newest update

Hard to exit. It bring you to the other apps you didn't open.

It restarts my phone, stupid app...

When updating app it's slow loading in my vivo

Latest update still doesn't fix the problem "Most Recent" loading.

This app u can chat ur friends instantly

Worst app. Hang every time. Hate this app.

This app is awesome. There aren't too many ads.

Every update is about improvement for reliability and speed, but the speed is the same since years...

It's a great app.. Facebook is well known app now.. I like it

Very Useful Of Making some New Friends

Fix the marketplace so it shows up again and it would be 5 stars

I love Facebook. All my friends are on my Facebook and some of these friends I hadn't heard from my high school days.

Kept on showing us days ago post. We need most recent.

A nice social app in play store.

Could improve by giving you more customizable options or settings...

Cannot connect to wifi What is the problem?

It's great. i love the updates!

Slow and Mobile hanging problem??

I liked it was really cool I liked it a lot.

I'm see only black profile picture in my newsfeed

I LOVE this app very useful Good privacy

Nice app better than old version

Won't load most recent. Simply get a loading screen.

That this app needs to stop freezing

Facebook got updated and I can't play any video in Fb. Please fix it.

Very good to hook up with world

Nice app but speed slow

Take 2 much time 2 install after downloading a update

Crashes every single minute

Some time so slow

After the new.update Facebook keeps crashing

The live video is gone. Fix it please!

I think it is very good for social conscript

It take lot of time to install after updating

Latest update is preventing me from saving picks.

I want videos download option in Facebook.

Its fun, convenient, and sociable

Facebook is Awesome Keeping in Contact with family and friends!!

Very good update!

Hang too much after the last update

clear searches- button in not working at all

Nice apps

Why it takes a lot of time for downloading

Drains battery too fast ???????? !!!

???? ?????? ? ????? ?????

every person have a introduce new person

Its good .. Only

Horribly unstable, constantly freezing....

Good for link with our friends.

Always hanging problem

The new update sucks

I got it more friends

Loads very slowly.

??????????????????Excellent use really social media????????????????????????????????????????????????

not sure , at all

Good reliability and speed

I need my market place back

Good and interesting app

Nice app for communication

Good and interesting app

Nice app for communication

Very nice app

I loved it.....this app

Bad apps..

i do not have live even if i already updated it

It's the best beside WhatsApp'

I can play games like jeweled, candy crush saga and other addicting games.

I update it but its the same and its not working

good app for everyone

I like it

Thank you

I love the new Update!! Thank you!!The app is running smooth on my Samsung J1!!

Useful......??

Duck you

VERY GOOD NICE

A good apps

Nice app

Good app

???? ?????

I love it

Very good

Privacy needed more

Need improvement

It is good for messaging and anything else capable of it

So you brought back Most Recent, which is great if it actually refreshed when clicking on it. Actually, it would be nice if either newsfeed or most recent refreshed, both still only show stuff from the 23rd, in exactly the same order i originally viewed them in (its the 26th now!!). The update today still had not fixed it. Not fit for purpose, fix it or get someone in that knows how to.

News feed does not update properly

It just keeps on lagging and every 2 Minutes or so a notification just shows up and it says "Facebook isn't responding. Do you want to close it" 😡 and why can't I see the emojis people comment with? I don't even know what they were. Just a blank box.

It won't open. Tap on the shortcut it just flashes. So I come to app store to try opening it from here. Same problem. I'm totally locked out. I did go to fb after installing and it seemed to work fine. Now I can't go in at all.

Now there is no Data saver in this app. Want it back again.

Used to love it until my phone reset and kicked me out of everything. Now I can't log in because every password reset code I'm sent says it doesn't work. Nice work. 🙄

Just now the close my account for no reason for 72 hours as a precaution. It told me it was a safety feature, and in needs the stupid account to communicate with my costumers. Loosing toons of money out of a stupid machine design. Makes my phone work at full capacity and is a S7 edge octa core. The market show a problem and can`t see it or sell. FIX IT NOW

The latest update still has the issue of not being able to refresh the newsfeed without closing the app. You would think the developers would have read some of the review comments and fixed this by now. They also need to bring make the ability to make most recent a default option. It is frustrating to have comments be so out of order on people's posts.

Last update was not so good. I click a friends picture to go to their page and I have to click view profile to get to the page. Wasted extra step Also I save my friends list to alphabetical order and it doesn't save. Have to keep doing it. I personally don't need this or like it. I won't use it except to put my friends in alphabetic order and it already did this before your update. The update was a waste.

My FB app keeps freezing up after I scroll through about 10 posts. Been doing it for the past few days. Now I can barely do anything before it freezes up. It keeps saying fb is not responding. I tried uninstalling and reinstalling the app but still keeps doing the same thing

I keep getting message that says Facebook isn't responding. It's been doing it for almost a week. I have reported it and then they do an update about 11 hours ago. Well, guess what, it's still screwed up! Fix the app please. Considering deleting off my phone.

Why do you have force people.. pages.. groups.. which I clearly chose not to see again?? They keep coming up via People You May Know.. Pages/Groups You Might Like.. even after removing and telling that im not interested.. STOP FORCING STUFF ON PEOPLE

Why do you bring me to the top of my news feed when I am still scrolling down and catching up on previous updates from friends. Disappointed as I am missing out on stories as the news feed keeps refreshing and resetting me back to the start. Also, fix the app's issue with freezing constantly please.

The news feed resets if you switch over to another app for a second, or even just if you read an article or something from the feed itself and go back, it resets all the way to the top and you totally lose your place. I've sent in numerous complaints about this and have never gotten a response that addresses it. Awful and terrible, would give it negative stars if I could.

Massive 50+mb update. I see no improvement in performance or reliability. Stop lying. This app is just getting too big with all the updates & add ons. Slow to respond, news feed updates are virtually non existent. Going back to the online version, sorry

I have a fast tablet with 3gb of RAM, but the Facebook app has gotten to be such a RAM-hog that I can't even run it alone. It just stalls and crashes. All other apps and Facebook will come to a screeching halt if there are multiple apps open along with Facebook. Please offer a stripped down version. This just happened in April, 2017, so I know you know hows to fix it. Just fix it FFS.

Won't freaking play videos. And I have to uninstalled and install again like time to time. Then it starts working fine then later on doesn't and I have to be like that. Update: IT'S BEEN SO GLITCHY. The gigs won't load for shi.. I have to click on them each time. It drops calls. Freezes on my timeline like ??? Oh can you PLEASE stop updating it each damn month pick a design and stay with it! It's annoying how its always changing.

If it wasn't because I had an account and pics on here.... I would never have gotten into Facebook..... it is the worst thing ever made. When ur phone locks up - facebook kicks u out and u can't get in until other people u give a code for recovery.... the most stupidest thing ever.... all of my trusted contacts died in a car accident and now I can't get in to make arrangements or contact people this app and web thing suck so much.

I think before it was really great but every time they create an update for "bug fixes and speed" the app takes longer to load with every update and occasionally more bugs come about... mostly though the app slows down more and more... also affecting load times for other apps while the phone dumps the ram so maybe they should consider trimming the app some.

I like it
And you facebook. Saying every damn update is for speed and reliability but after 20 updates my facebook is no faster and its no more reliable? Hmmmm. Wonder what your really updating?
There's still a lot of loading problems :/
very good
Unable to update, Errors 505. Please help!!!
A well featured app.. And nice to have facebook app in my phone
Application excellent
Good work by, mark. thumbs up
I thought I was a beta tester.
Dis wat i call fb
The latest &quot;update&quot;.... wow. If I could give negative stars I would. The newsfeed auto refreshes at basically every juncture. Go to an article and come back? It refreshes. Click 'more' to see a longer status post and go back? It refreshes. Merely doing a slow scroll down? It randomly refreshes. It auto refreshes so frequently that the app is borderline unusable.
Facebook has always been cool, but could need more features like IG and snapchat
Great
Good  😃😃
Too much bullshit
Facebook great job for Facebook easy way to keep up with family and friends love this app lets know what going on in the world as well great guys thumbs up and five stars
Another useless update where I still can't refresh any feeds on any device. Seriously?
Ni
Very slow  And say update you speed is hight but not
Love it😍😍😍😍
thanks
It was good at an old version. .this new one is lame it doesn't even allowe me to see posts of the world
IDK
One star, for cramming &quot;People You May Know&quot; into the top of the notifications, which is annoying as hell, and, for me, absolutely useless. Also, for forcing us to install a separate messenger app, and for wanting us to use it as a phone/text/contacts replacement- Facebook is ONE app on my phone, NOT a replacement for all its core functions.
Would you fix this 💩 crashing &quot;110 times during last week&quot;?! It blocks other apps when it does so. 😠😠😠
Very nice this
Love it
BEST FRIENDS FOREVER
Tell me be success
Good job
Hi
Haven't tried it
i just love this app, it has helped me reconnect with my old friends. It's very reliable indeed except that it consumes a lot of data within short period of time.
Yep Facebook is good fun
It's ok..but it seems hard to connect especially when you ask for lives from your friends.
Good
It's a cool app
It good
Problem from past 1 month cant access..even cannot able to open.
Love it
App is fine, thanks.
The coolest app ever, i just love it
It cool
Change the life
It's good    ,
Thank you facebook for such a wonderful application.                          Good app for connecting people.            Suggestion :- Please add functionality to swipe left in news fees and hide that news.  Or  Close button on right bottom for close that news.   Add bookmark functionality for all post not  only for link and videos.  Please add options for following people. Such as only your friend, like some post, comment post, add friend, follow friend ,and his/her post only.
I would like it if you guys were to start making larger updates and improvements.
Like  it
🖕🖕🖕
It's good
Nice i like it
Easy 2 use
I dunno, I already love social media, but I don't know how to describe this. I guess you can say that it's awesome to have social media on the go.
Why has my font size increased so much??
Pls beta tester app unlock
Facebook is Perfect!
Facebook locked my account on my 30th birthday, now I can't organize my birthday party or talk to my family and friends who live in a different country. It says I need to upload a picture of myself to prove my identity but won't let me upload one. So fed up!
Somehow got blocked from live feature, been blocked almost a month or two now and I feel it's not right and i deserve to have my live feature back, been blocked long enough!
I like Facebook, but updating the app every other day is growing old. Last update 2-26-17, today is 3-4-17. Update 3-9-17. Update 3-16-17. Update 3-26-17. Update 3-28-17. Really?!? Update 4-7-17. Update 4-15-17. Update 4-19-17. Come on now! Update 4-26-17.
I love u
I LOVE IT😍😍😍😍💗💗
Its very satisfactory
It's a great app
Facebook is awesome
I lick Facebook
Does not refresh keeps me same post for times in a feed than new one than same again need to hurry and fix this
nice
I like it
Screw this new update of yours. Loads of crap. Just bring back the old update and the side chat. New update really sucks.
🆒😍
Watched buildings sign in people checked building
Need some on specially the privacy
Bored of updating again and again...every 2or 3 days you have to update...really irritating
Very good
The Old Version Was Good. New Version Sucks
I like this app because it so nice
Superb couldn't be better
This is good application but drains my battery and consumed a lot of space....please fix these.
Ive always used this app its amazing im 100 percent sure ill never stop using it
Good
Facebook is cool
I am so mad, how many times do you have to cut off my account and ask for photographic evidence????? Seriously this is getting beyond a flaming joke now! Not very reliable when it's the only way of communicating with people. And especially when there is no reason for these actions to be taken at all.
Itx Axom For Contacting To Other
It's nice to use it👍👍👍
good
So good
This is a great tool for keeping in contact with your friends and family
Blah
Reinstall my contacts
Awesome
Fed up with too much frequent updates
The app is overall good but think you guys should bring back the thing where you were able to check who was active on the Facebook app .. Just saying but it's overall a good and useful app
I love it!
its good
What happened to the refresh feature?  I want it back!  My story feature still takes up too much room on a phone screen. Make a small icon for it.  Please stop messing with the app!
These recent updates are useless. Please &quot;update&quot; this app back to what it was about a month ago when it actually worked. Using on Galaxy S6, 6.0.1
Garbage!!
